com.android.settings,Unknown
com.mobile.securacy,Communication
com.estrongs.android.pop,Productivity
com.google.android.googlequicksearchbox,Tools
com.android.launcher,Unknown
com.android.chrome,Communication
com.facebook.orca,Communication
com.android.defcontainer,Unknown
com.twitter.android,Social
com.google.android.GoogleCamera,Photography
com.google.android.gms,Tools
com.google.android.apps.plus,Social
com.skype.raider,Communication
com.google.android.youtube,Media &amp; Video
com.android.mms,Unknown
com.facebook.katana,Social
com.google.android.calendar,Productivity
com.android.providers.calendar,Unknown
com.google.android.keep,Productivity
com.google.android.partnersetup,Unknown
com.google.android.gm,Communication
com.google.android.tts,Tools
com.android.providers.partnerbookmarks,Unknown
com.google.android.apps.magazines,News &amp; Magazines
com.android.vending,Unknown
com.google.android.ears,Music &amp; Audio
com.google.android.gallery3d,Unknown
com.google.android.apps.docs,Productivity
com.google.android.deskclock,Unknown
com.android.musicfx,Unknown
jp.co.omronsoft.iwnnime.ml,Tools
com.android.keychain,Unknown
com.google.android.talk,Communication
com.sonelli.juicessh,Communication
com.android.cellbroadcastreceiver,Unknown
com.google.android.apps.books,Books &amp; Reference
com.whatsapp,Communication
com.google.android.email,Productivity
com.google.android.exchange,Unknown
com.android.packageinstaller,Unknown
com.android.externalstorage,Unknown
com.android.documentsui,Unknown
com.google.android.feedback,Unknown
com.google.android.configupdater,Unknown
com.android.contacts,Unknown
com.quickoffice.android,Unknown
com.google.android.dialer,Unknown
com.dropbox.android,Productivity
com.google.android.apps.maps,Travel &amp; Local
com.google.android.inputmethod.latin,Tools
com.spotify.mobile.android.ui,Unknown
fi.sampopankki.android.tribank,Finance
com.king.candycrushsaga,Casual
net.easypark.android,Travel &amp; Local
org.zwanoo.android.speedtest,Tools
kik.android,Communication
com.rovio.angrybirds,Arcade
jp.tomorrowkey.android.screencaptureshortcutfree,Tools
com.google.android.voicesearch,Tools
com.android.calculator2,Unknown
com.aware.probe.china,Unknown
com.android.launcher3,Unknown
com.rhmsoft.fm,Business
com.groupon,Shopping
org.cyanogenmod.voiceplus,Unknown
com.svox.pico,Unknown
com.android.gallery3d,Unknown
com.android.voicedialer,Unknown
com.android.email,Unknown
com.viber.voip,Communication
com.android.inputmethod.latin,Unknown
com.aware.plugin.google.activityrecognition,Unknown
com.cyanogenmod.lockclock,Unknown
com.google.android.apps.uploader,Unknown
com.android.deskclock,Unknown
com.google.android.setupwizard,Unknown
com.cyanogenmod.fota,Unknown
com.android.exchange,Unknown
com.google.android.marvin.talkback,Tools
com.android.sharedstoragebackup,Unknown
com.android.dialer,Unknown
com.android.browser,Unknown
com.android.calendar,Unknown
org.whispersystems.whisperpush,Unknown
cn.wps.moffice_eng,Business
com.cyanogenmod.account,Unknown
org.mozilla.firefox,Communication
com.google.android.apps.translate,Tools
fi.fmi.mobileweather,Weather
com.google.android.syncadapters.calendar,Unknown
com.andrew.apollo,Unknown
com.caynax.a6w,Health &amp; Fitness
com.accuweather.android,Weather
com.aware,Unknown
com.adobe.reader,Productivity
com.samsung.SMT,Unknown
com.samsung.android.tripwidget,Unknown
com.samsung.android.app.storyalbumwidget,Unknown
com.samsung.android.widgetapp.briefing4x2,Unknown
com.sec.android.widgetapp.ap.hero.accuweather,Unknown
com.sec.android.app.launcher,Unknown
com.sec.android.Kies,Unknown
com.wssyncmldm,Unknown
com.sec.android.app.sbrowser,Unknown
com.sec.android.allshare.service.mediashare,Unknown
com.sec.android.SimpleWidget,Unknown
com.sec.android.inputmethod,Unknown
com.sec.android.daemonapp,Unknown
com.sec.android.app.SecSetupWizard,Unknown
com.sec.android.widgetapp.alarmwidget,Unknown
com.sec.everglades,Unknown
com.sec.android.app.controlpanel,Unknown
net.nurik.roman.dashclock,Personalization
com.yahoo.mobile.client.android.weather,Weather
com.capigami.outofmilk,Shopping
com.sipgate,Unknown
dk.egovplus.case3.mols.android,Travel &amp; Local
com.microsoft.onx.app,Personalization
com.google.android.browser,Unknown
com.sec.android.app.GlanceView,Unknown
tunein.player,Music &amp; Audio
com.sec.android.app.ve,Tools
com.google.android.gsf.login,Unknown
com.fsecure.mobile.younited,Productivity
tv.peel.samsung.app,Media &amp; Video
com.sec.android.widgetapp.SPlannerAppWidget,Unknown
com.sec.android.app.keyguard,Unknown
com.sec.android.sCloudBackupApp,Unknown
com.sec.android.quickmemo,Unknown
com.sec.chaton,Communication
com.sec.android.widgetapp.activeapplicationwidget,Unknown
net.zedge.android,Personalization
com.osp.app.signin,Unknown
com.sec.spp.push,Communication
com.sec.smartcard.pinservice,Unknown
com.sec.android.gallery3d,Unknown
com.sec.pcw.device,Unknown
sstream.app,Unknown
com.samsung.helphub,Unknown
com.policydm,Unknown
com.samsung.android.app.pinboard,Unknown
com.samsung.android.app.filterinstaller,Unknown
com.sec.android.service.cm,Unknown
com.sec.android.app.FileShareServer,Unknown
com.samsung.android.app.episodes,Unknown
net.sylark.apkextractor,Unknown
com.sec.android.service.health.sensor,Unknown
com.sec.android.app.shealth,Unknown
com.sec.esdk.elm,Unknown
com.onelouder.baconreader,News &amp; Magazines
com.fmm.dm,Unknown
fi.itella.posti.android,Productivity
com.mobeam.barcodeService,Productivity
com.fonectacaller,Tools
com.askfm,Social
com.vlingo.midas,Unknown
com.sec.android.app.SPenKeeper,Unknown
com.sec.android.app.parser,Unknown
com.sec.android.provider.badge,Unknown
ch.bitspin.timely,Lifestyle
com.sec.android.widgetapp.easyfavoritescontactswidget,Unknown
com.sec.android.widgetapp.digitalclock,Unknown
com.sec.android.cloudagent,Unknown
com.samsung.SMT.lang_en_us_l01,Unknown
com.tinder,Lifestyle
com.samsung.music,Music &amp; Audio
com.samsung.klmsagent,Unknown
com.sec.android.fotaclient,Unknown
com.joelapenna.foursquared,Travel &amp; Local
com.google.android.apps.unveil,Productivity
com.touchnote.android,Photography
com.sec.android.app.FlashBarService,Unknown
com.antutu.ABenchMark,Tools
com.touchtype.swiftkey,Productivity
com.sec.modem.settings,Unknown
com.sec.android.directshare,Unknown
com.google.android.maps.mytracks,Health &amp; Fitness
com.sec.android.sCloudSync,Unknown
com.qualcomm.timeservice,Unknown
com.sec.android.app.clockpackage,Unknown
com.sec.android.app.popupuireceiver,Unknown
com.evernote,Productivity
com.sec.android.app.tmserver,Unknown
com.alphonso.pulse,News &amp; Magazines
com.ratebeer.android,Lifestyle
dk.silverbullet.android.danishweather,Unknown
com.yahoo.mobile.client.android.flickr,Photography
com.livestream.livestream,Media &amp; Video
com.lenovomobile.deskclock,Unknown
de.langerhans.wallet,Finance
com.google.android.inputmethod.latin.dictionarypack,Unknown
com.app.pornhub,Unknown
com.youporn,Unknown
com.mediatek.atci.service,Unknown
com.mobileuncle.toolbox,Tools
com.stealthstudios.vanned,Unknown
org.mustard.android,Social
com.instagram.android,Social
com.sec.android.widgetapp.notificationwidget,Unknown
com.threebanana.notes,Unknown
com.teslacoilsw.launcher,Personalization
com.google.android.apps.adm,Tools
com.eclipsim.gpsstatus2,Travel &amp; Local
com.infraware.polarisviewer5,Unknown
com.sec.android.app.voicenote,Unknown
com.sec.android.app.videoplayer,Unknown
com.blizzard.bma,Entertainment
com.samsung.clipboardsaveservice,Unknown
com.sec.factory,Unknown
com.samsung.android.snote,Unknown
com.android.printspooler,Unknown
com.google.android.apps.genie.geniewidget,News &amp; Magazines
com.chrome.beta,Productivity
com.cyanogenmod.updater,Unknown
com.mapswithme.maps.pro,Travel &amp; Local
pt.fjss.s2w,Tools
com.alensw.PicFolder,Photography
com.cyanogenmod.CMWallpapers,Unknown
air.byss.mobi.instaweatherfree,Weather
com.dotgears.flappybird,Unknown
com.endomondo.android.pro,Health &amp; Fitness
com.sec.knox.containeragent,Unknown
com.sec.android.app.samsungapps,Entertainment
com.ravenx.amsterdammetro,Unknown
com.digibites.calendar,Productivity
net.cactii.flash2,Unknown
com.avast.android.mobilesecurity,Tools
com.tmobile.thememanager,Unknown
org.roccat.powergrid,Productivity
com.andy.vape,Health &amp; Fitness
com.bel.android.dspmanager,Music &amp; Audio
com.cyanogenmod.trebuchet,Unknown
com.dv.adm,Tools
com.sec.android.sCloudBackupProvider,Unknown
com.quoord.tapatalkxda.activity,Communication
ccc71.st.cpu,Tools
com.jrummy.root.browserfree,Productivity
com.aurorasoftworks.quadrant.ui.standard,Tools
com.mobisystems.office,Business
com.vlcforandroid.vlcdirectprofree,Media &amp; Video
com.google.android.videos,Media &amp; Video
org.videolan.vlc.betav7neon,Media &amp; Video
com.tmobile.themechooser,Unknown
com.slim.ota,Unknown
com.android.camera2,Unknown
com.maxmpz.audioplayer,Music &amp; Audio
com.toson.londontransportfree,Unknown
playboard.android,Entertainment
com.binerx.aptrax,Tools
com.actionlauncher.playstore,Personalization
com.chrislacy.actionlauncher.pro,Personalization
com.houzz.app,Lifestyle
com.mycolorscreen.themer,Personalization
com.cootek.smartinputv5,Productivity
com.denzilferreira.apps.callername,Tools
com.jrdcom.launcher,Unknown
flipboard.app,News &amp; Magazines
org.wikipedia,Books &amp; Reference
com.evernote.widget,Productivity
com.jrdcom.weather,Unknown
com.android.ActivityNetwork,Unknown
com.jrdcom.audiofx,Unknown
com.xenopscreations.hagreve,Social
osga.utility.passoarezar,Lifestyle
pt.portoeditora.android.dicionario.lingua_portuguesa,Books &amp; Reference
com.android.jrdfota,Unknown
pt.ptinovacao.iad.meoremote,Entertainment
pt.sapo.mobile.android.ptwifi,Communication
com.amazon.kindle,Books &amp; Reference
com.spritemobile.backup.alcatel,Unknown
pt.sapo.mobile.android.musicbox,Entertainment
pt.sapo.android.cloudpt,Productivity
com.sand.airdroid,Tools
com.android.music,Unknown
com.shazam.android,Music &amp; Audio
store.antivirus,Unknown
com.android.wifidirecttransfer,Unknown
com.contapps.android,Communication
com.mobileaction.TclAgent,Unknown
com.ted.android,Education
net.daum.android.solcalendar,Productivity
ru.infteh.organizer.trial,Productivity
open.menthal,Productivity
com.ixigo.mypnr,Travel &amp; Local
eu.chainfire.opendelta,Unknown
eu.chainfire.supersu,Tools
com.ogqcorp.bgh,Personalization
com.noinnion.android.newsplus,News &amp; Magazines
com.tul.aviate,Personalization
com.dailymotion.dailymotion,Entertainment
com.octro.teenpatti,Casino
com.opera.max,Tools
net.nurik.roman.muzei,Personalization
com.innologica.inoreader,News &amp; Magazines
com.gr8memo.android,Photography
com.mindmeapp.alarmpad,Lifestyle
com.floatnote,Communication
org.omnirom.torch,Unknown
com.hsenid.flipbeats,Music &amp; Audio
com.madewithstudio.studio,Photography
com.miz.muzei.fivehundredpx,Unknown
com.musixmatch.android.lyrify,Music &amp; Audio
com.locomain.nexplay,Music &amp; Audio
com.simplecity.muzei.music,Personalization
com.aw.AppWererabbit,Tools
com.appspot.swisscodemonkeys.apps,Tools
com.keramidas.TitaniumBackup,Tools
de.robv.android.xposed.installer,Unknown
com.bam.android.inspirelauncher,Personalization
johndoeapps.site.com.google.sites.android.appinstallhistory,Tools
com.noinnion.android.newsplus.extension.inoreader,News &amp; Magazines
sh.whisper,Social
com.justpictures,Tools
com.flowdock.jorge,Business
com.samsung.android.app.watchmanagerstub,Unknown
pt.ptsgps.android.ept,Unknown
com.mediatek.calendarimporter,Unknown
com.badoo.mobile,Social
com.greatbytes.fastrebootpro,Tools
com.sec.android.provider.snote,Unknown
com.sec.android.widgetapp.diotek.smemo,Productivity
com.sec.android.app.samsungapps.una2,Unknown
com.samsung.android.service.travel,Unknown
com.sec.android.app.mt,Unknown
com.visionobjects.resourcemanager,Unknown
com.qihoo.security,Tools
com.samsung.android.provider.filterprovider,Unknown
com.sec.android.app.mv.player,Unknown
com.sec.android.app.mediasync,Unknown
com.sec.android.app.camera,Unknown
com.supercell.clashofclans,Strategy
com.samsung.android.provider.smartclip,Unknown
com.google.android.apps.authenticator2,Tools
com.android.nfc,Unknown
com.samsung.android.MtpApplication,Unknown
com.sec.providers.settingsearch,Unknown
com.utorrent.client,Media &amp; Video
com.blurb.checkout,Photography
com.sec.android.fwupgrade,Tools
com.wssnps,Unknown
com.sec.android.app.sysscope,Unknown
org.simalliance.openmobileapi.service,Unknown
com.sec.android.app.safetyassurance,Unknown
com.sec.android.band,Unknown
com.sec.android.googlesearchwidget,Unknown
com.samsung.android.quickmemo,Unknown
com.samsung.android.covermemo,Unknown
com.samsung.android.app.assistantmenu,Unknown
com.sec.android.preloadinstaller,Unknown
com.sec.phone,Unknown
com.sec.android.app.myfiles,Unknown
com.android.bluetooth,Unknown
com.weather.Weather,Weather
com.sec.android.mmapp,Unknown
com.glu.robocop,Action
com.android.pagebuddynotisvc,Unknown
com.yle.webtv,Media &amp; Video
com.sec.android.app.sns3,Unknown
com.iYOK.AngleMeterV10,Tools
net.wigle.wigleandroid,Tools
com.anddoes.launcher,Personalization
com.mridang.whatsapp,Unknown
me.grantland.dashclock_battery,Personalization
com.melodis.midomiMusicIdentifier,Music &amp; Audio
org.telegram.messenger,Communication
net.cdeguet.smartkeyboardpro,Tools
com.quoord.tapatalkHD,Unknown
com.noinnion.android.greader.readerpro,News &amp; Magazines
uk.co.nickfines.RealCalcPlus,Productivity
la.droid.qr,Productivity
ch.teamtasks.tasks.paid,Productivity
org.mariotaku.twidere,Communication
com.handmark.expressweather,Weather
com.lenovo.powersaving,Unknown
com.mediatek.FMRadio,Unknown
com.logikstate.sandslides,Puzzle
com.bambuna.podcastaddict,Media &amp; Video
mobi.infolife.ezweather,Weather
com.klinker.android.evolve_sms,Communication
com.scavengerhunt.ui,Travel &amp; Local
com.emtrace.hermes,Unknown
com.pandora.android,Music &amp; Audio
com.cheezburger.icanhas,Entertainment
air.air.SugarSugar,Puzzle
com.outfit7.trifs.grooveracer,Racing
com.sonyericsson.soundenhancement,Unknown
com.estrongs.android.taskmanager,Business
com.mikandi.android.v3.manager,Unknown
com.wetter.androidclient,Weather
com.ttxapps.drivesync,Productivity
com.android.smspush,Unknown
com.vipercn.viper4android_v2,Unknown
org.omnirom.omniswitch,Unknown
com.android.incallui,Unknown
com.android.phone,Unknown
com.android.systemui,Unknown
ccc71.at,Tools
de.web.mobile.android.mail,Communication
com.mysms.android.sms,Communication
deezer.android.app,Music &amp; Audio
de.timluegger.golem,Unknown
android.romstats,Unknown
com.caf.fmradio,Unknown
com.ebay.mobile,Shopping
de.androidpit.app,News &amp; Magazines
pl.solidexplorer,Productivity
com.amazon.mp3,Music &amp; Audio
de.amazon.mShop.android,Shopping
com.cleanmaster.mguard,Tools
com.imangi.templerun2,Action
com.google.android.onetimeinitializer,Unknown
com.otaupdater,Tools
com.android.onetimeinitializer,Unknown
ch.smalltech.ledflashlight.pro,Tools
com.ceco.kitkat.gravitybox,Unknown
com.jrummy.liberty.toolboxpro,Tools
de.tvspielfilm,Entertainment
com.sonyericsson.extras.liveware,Tools
com.sec.pcw,Productivity
com.amazon.venezia,Unknown
com.qubyte.htr,Simulation
com.mobialia.slot,Racing
com.hatsproductions.OrganTrail.humble,Unknown
de.danoeh.antennapod,Media &amp; Video
mobi.conduction.swipepad.android,Productivity
com.romantymchyk.squawk,Productivity
com.frogmind.badland,Adventure
com.loudweb.whatsappmediagallery,Tools
com.in.spd.filmyratings,Unknown
com.sakal.callist,Communication
com.saavn.android,Music &amp; Audio
com.ballerapps.slidingexplorer,Tools
com.flipkart.slashn,Productivity
com.flipkart.android,Shopping
com.google.android.apps.ads.publisher,Productivity
sportonnet.com.sporttvorg,Unknown
air.com.kr3m.Slotcar,Arcade
directenergy.mobileoam,Business
com.comerica.mobilebanking,Finance
com.neulion.android.sporttv,Sports
dev.ukanth.ufirewall,Tools
com.buak.Link2SD,Tools
com.jv.falcon.pro,Unknown
com.sonyericsson.trackid,Music &amp; Audio
com.samsung.android.walletmanager,Unknown
com.okcupid.okcupid,Social
com.sec.android.app.popupcalculator,Unknown
com.lenovo.smart,Unknown
com.waze,Travel &amp; Local
com.sec.msc.learninghub,Unknown
org.telegram.android.beta,Unknown
com.htc.task,Unknown
com.zoodles.kidmode,Education
eu.thedarken.sdm,Tools
com.nero.android.htc.sync.installer,Unknown
com.htc.backup,Tools
com.advancedprocessmanager,Productivity
com.htc.launcher,News &amp; Magazines
com.overlook.android.fing,Tools
org.jessies.dalvikexplorer,Tools
com.roysolberg.android.developertools,Tools
com.SIMAPNCheck,Travel &amp; Local
it.evilsocket.dsploit.debug,Unknown
com.htc.reportagent,Unknown
com.nullsoft.winamp,Unknown
com.lidroid.fileexplorer,Unknown
com.dimonvideo.luckypatcher,Unknown
com.forpda.lp,Unknown
com.intangibleobject.securesettings.plugin,Tools
com.sec.app.RilErrorNotifier,Unknown
de.mehrmann.sdbooster,Tools
com.fevdev.nakedbrowserpro,Communication
com.nuance.swype.dtc,Productivity
com.koushikdutta.superuser,Tools
com.nll.asr,Productivity
de.simyo.app.android.meinsimyo,Productivity
de.radio.android,Music &amp; Audio
com.smartanuj.hideitpro,Unknown
com.netbiscuits.bild.android,News &amp; Magazines
de.fcbayern.android,Sports
pl.solidexplorer.unlocker,Productivity
air.com.nwg.deutscheWitze,Entertainment
com.byeline.hackex,Simulation
com.microsoft.skydrive,Productivity
com.ratalaika.digger,Arcade
com.rovio.angrybirdsstarwarsii.ads,Arcade
com.coolots.chaton,Unknown
com.sec.dsm.system,Unknown
com.samsung.shareshot,Unknown
com.sec.android.widgetapp.programmonitorwidget,Unknown
com.strava,Health &amp; Fitness
android.googleSearch.googleSearchWidget,Unknown
com.familywall,Lifestyle
com.android.MtpApplication,Unknown
com.samsung.scrc.idi.server,Unknown
com.sec.android.app.factorykeystring,Unknown
com.sec.factory.camera,Unknown
com.samsung.android.app.colorblind,Unknown
com.sec.android.app.bluetoothtest,Unknown
com.samsung.android.app.accesscontrol,Unknown
com.qualcomm.privinit,Unknown
com.wsomacp,Unknown
com.sec.android.app.translator,Unknown
com.socialnmobile.hd.flashlight,Tools
com.cisco.anyconnect.vpn.android.samsung,Business
com.ideashower.readitlater.pro,News &amp; Magazines
com.urbandroid.sleep,Lifestyle
com.github.mobile,Productivity
com.urbandroid.sleep.full.key,Lifestyle
com.urbandroid.sleep.addon.stats,Health &amp; Fitness
org.fdroid.fdroid,Unknown
net.osmand,Travel &amp; Local
com.paranoid.paranoidota,Unknown
com.corcop.menote,Unknown
com.kiloo.subwaysurf,Arcade
com.google.android.wearablepreview.app,Unknown
org.sbtools.gamehack,Unknown
net.metageek,Unknown
org.dayup.gtask,Productivity
fi.iki.murgo.irssinotifier,Communication
com.samsung.android.app.gestureservice,Unknown
com.google.android.inputmethod.pinyin,Tools
com.teslacoilsw.notifier,Libraries &amp; Demo
org.pocketworkstation.pckeyboard,Productivity
org.woltage.irssiconnectbot,Communication
com.opera.browser.classic,Communication
com.sec.yosemite.phone,Entertainment
com.samsung.android.strokesearch,Unknown
com.samsung.drs,Unknown
com.sec.android.nearby.mediaserver,Unknown
com.turner.amateursurgeon3,Simulation
com.clov4r.android.nil,Unknown
com.zite,News &amp; Magazines
com.asksven.betterbatterystats_xdaedition,Unknown
com.teslacoilsw.widgetlocker,Personalization
com.android.bip,Unknown
com.sec.android.app.factorymode,Unknown
at.abraxas.powerwidget,Tools
com.sec.android.pagebuddynotisvc,Unknown
dk.tacit.android.foldersync.full,Communication
com.lsdroid.cerberus,Productivity
com.yelp.android,Travel &amp; Local
de.devmil.minimaltext,Personalization
uk.co.economist,News &amp; Magazines
com.andrewshu.android.reddit,News &amp; Magazines
com.mantano.reader.android,Productivity
nl.fameit.rotate,Tools
com.tripit.amazon.paid,Unknown
com.seekingalpha.webwrapper,Finance
com.kebab.Llama,Tools
com.samsung.syncservice,Unknown
mikado.bizcalpro,Productivity
com.tvshowfavs,Entertainment
com.ifrins.hipstacast,Music &amp; Audio
com.QuiteHypnotic.SilentTime,Tools
com.humblebundle.library,Entertainment
com.devhd.feedly,News &amp; Magazines
bbc.iplayer.android,Entertainment
uk.co.nationalrail.google,Transportation
com.meetup,Social
com.lge.mlt,Unknown
com.ttxapps.dropsync,Productivity
com.lastpass.lpandroid,Productivity
com.dagwaging.tppnotifier,Entertainment
reddit.news,News &amp; Magazines
com.fjsoft.myphoneexplorer.client,Tools
com.amazon.mShop.android,Shopping
com.lge.vvm,Unknown
com.lge.drmservice,Unknown
com.fusionone.android.sync.service,Unknown
me.everything.launcher,Personalization
com.alarmclock.xtreme.free,Tools
com.icenta.sudoku.ui,Puzzle
kcast.android.widget,Finance
com.brentpanther.bitcoinwidget,Finance
com.zl.inputmethod.latin,Unknown
com.projectggk.snapsave,Unknown
com.snapchat.android,Social
com.motricity.verizon.ssodownloadable,Tools
mobi.mgeek.TunnyBrowser,Communication
com.tumblr,Social
com.gameloft.android.HEP.GloftRKHP,Unknown
com.tripadvisor.android.apps.cityguide.copenhagen,Travel &amp; Local
com.maize.digitalClock,Tools
com.mediatek.engineermode,Unknown
com.vp.alarmClockPlusV2,Lifestyle
jp.naver.line.android,Communication
com.samsung.groupcast,Business
com.android.settings.mt,Unknown
com.appgenix.biztasks,Productivity
com.sec.android.daemonapp.ap.yahoostock.stockclock,Unknown
com.sec.android.widgetapp.ap.yahoonews,Unknown
com.sec.android.daemonapp.ap.accuweather,Unknown
nl.skywave.ovinfo,Transportation
com.directv.dvrscheduler,Entertainment
ru.mail.games.android.JungleHeat,Strategy
com.hotornot.app,Lifestyle
com.lge.task,Unknown
com.lge.email,Unknown
com.sec.android.widgetapp.alarmclock,Unknown
com.timsu.astrid,Unknown
free.mp3.dlv6,Unknown
com.fsck.k9,Communication
com.metropcs.rcsmetro,Communication
org.xbmc.android.remote,Media &amp; Video
com.ne.facebookphoto,Unknown
com.plexapp.android,Media &amp; Video
com.android.htmlviewer,Unknown
com.teamviewer.teamviewer.market.mobile,Productivity
com.fidelity.android,Finance
com.costco.app.android,Lifestyle
com.samsung.InputEventApp,Unknown
com.sec.android.widgetapp.favoriteswidget,Unknown
com.andrewshu.android.redditdonation,News &amp; Magazines
com.cyanogenmod.filemanager,Unknown
com.sec.android.favoriteappwidget,Unknown
com.antivirus,Communication
net.dinglisch.android.taskerm,Tools
imoblife.toolbox.full,Productivity
name.pilgr.appdialer.pro,Productivity
com.xorware.network.s2g3g.settings,Personalization
com.appuccino.frequency,Tools
com.spydiko.rotationmanager,Unknown
vcam.dk.DanskeNyheder,News &amp; Magazines
stericson.busybox.donate,Tools
com.imediapp.appgratisv3,Entertainment
com.polilabs.thefingerchallenge,Casual
com.nuance.nmc.sihome.metropcs,Tools
tw.fatminmin.xposed.minminguard,Unknown
cloudtv.hdwidgets,Personalization
net.hubalek.android.apps.reborn.pro,Tools
mobi.infolife.cache,Tools
com.xiam.snapdragon.app,Tools
com.wgn.android.weather,Weather
org.thoughtcrime.securesms,Communication
com.hellotext.hello,Communication
com.coremobility.app.vnotes,Unknown
net.caffeinelab.pbb,Unknown
com.diotek.mini_penmemo,Unknown
com.tencent.mm,Communication
com.ticketmaster.mobile.android.na,Entertainment
com.google.android.apps.walletnfcrel,Finance
com.samsung.mediahub.sprint,Entertainment
com.sprint.zone,Unknown
com.sec.android.widgetapp.dualclockanalog,Unknown
com.locationlabs.v3client,Unknown
com.birdstep.android.cm,Unknown
com.sec.knox.seandroid,Unknown
com.samsung.android.providers.context,Unknown
com.sec.android.sCloudRelayData,Unknown
com.sec.msc.nts.android.proxy,Unknown
com.sec.sprextension.phoneinfo,Unknown
com.tgrape.android.radar,Unknown
com.sec.android.app.snotebook,Unknown
com.sec.sprextension,Unknown
com.sec.android.provider.logsprovider,Unknown
com.sec.android.app.mobileprint,Unknown
com.sec.knox.eventsmanager,Unknown
com.samsung.sprint.chameleon,Unknown
com.sec.android.app.servicemodeapp,Unknown
com.sec.android.daemonapp.ap.yahoonews,Unknown
com.sprint.ce.updater,Unknown
com.nuance.swype.input,Unknown
com.redbox.android.activity,Entertainment
jp.gungho.padEN,Puzzle
com.infraware.polarisoffice4,Business
com.vzw.hss.myverizon,Tools
com.xorware.android.apps,Personalization
com.google.android.apps.googlevoice,Communication
com.wuala.android,Tools
bbc.mobile.news.ww,News &amp; Magazines
com.happyexabytes.ambio,Health &amp; Fitness
com.fring,Communication
com.cousinHub.Bitcoin_PRO,Finance
de.schildbach.wallet,Finance
com.media1908.lightningbug,Health &amp; Fitness
com.yahoo.mobile.client.android.mail,Communication
com.james.SmartTaskManager,Productivity
it.sineo.android.noFrillsCPU,Tools
org.adblockplus.android,Unknown
com.tolan.braintestcolor,Puzzle
com.havos.codewordunlimited,Word
com.nerdyoctopus.gamedots,Casual
com.synology.dsvideo,Media &amp; Video
com.android.rk.books,Unknown
de.lufthansa.ife.va,Entertainment
android.rockchip.update.service,Unknown
com.rk.settings.widget,Unknown
com.lexulous.Lexulous,Word
com.incarsoft.languagewizard,Unknown
com.qin.bootreceiver,Unknown
com.tbig.playerpro.soundpack,Music &amp; Audio
com.tbig.playerpro,Music &amp; Audio
com.atooma,Tools
com.lge.music,Unknown
com.netflix.mediaclient,Entertainment
com.digiplex.game,Puzzle
com.iphonease.ledflashlight.button,Tools
com.fsecure.ms.fsecure_pc,Unknown
com.metago.astro,Productivity
com.fsecure.mute,Unknown
com.fsecure.freedome.vpn.security.privacy.android,Tools
com.fsecure.tools.ms.changelang,Unknown
com.glu.deerhunt2,Action
com.example.helloadms,Unknown
com.mcstealthapps.freshnetwork,Tools
com.google.android.apps.paidtasks,Tools
com.mediatek.omacp,Unknown
com.mediatek.mobilelog,Unknown
com.mediatek.smsreg,Unknown
com.jrdcom.file.operation,Unknown
mobi.beyondpod,News &amp; Magazines
com.jrdcom.fota,Unknown
com.mediatek.videofavorites,Unknown
com.appturbo.appturboDK,Lifestyle
com.kattanweb.android.dfaa,Tools
com.lbe.security,Tools
pl.krzemdev.dogebreeding,Arcade
com.gsamlabs.bbm.pro,Tools
com.gsamlabs.bbm.rootcompanion,Tools
dk.almbrand.mobilbank,Finance
dk.minreklame.tilbudsavis,Shopping
udk.android.reader,Productivity
com.matthew.rice.volume.master,Tools
com.Elecont.WeatherClock,Weather
de.dhl.paket,Productivity
stericson.busybox,Tools
de.orrs.deliveries,Productivity
com.mxtech.videoplayer.ad,Media &amp; Video
com.koushikdutta.rommanager,Tools
de.j5k.gullinewsreader,News &amp; Magazines
net.shajul.usbotg,Tools
com.google.zxing.client.android,Shopping
com.fsecure.ms.safe,Tools
com.acer.android.acernidus,Unknown
com.mediatek.appwidget.worldclock,Unknown
com.example.android.skeletonapp,Health &amp; Fitness
com.owncloud.android,Productivity
com.noinnion.android.voicereading,News &amp; Magazines
net.bytten.xkcdviewer,Comics
com.chase.sig.android,Finance
dk.danskebank.android.tribank,Finance
de.hafas.android.db,Transportation
com.noshufou.android.su,Tools
com.hipmunk.android,Travel &amp; Local
com.tokasiki.android.voicerecorder,Productivity
coolcherrytrees.games.reactor,Family
com.frogmind.badland.humble,Unknown
fi.polar.polarflow,Health &amp; Fitness
com.riva.sueca,Card
com.guardian,News &amp; Magazines
com.sec.android.widgetapp.at.hero.accuweather,Unknown
com.sec.android.widgetapp.dualclockdigital,Unknown
com.dictionary,Books &amp; Reference
com.sec.android.widgetapp.memo,Unknown
com.sec.android.app.phoneutil,Unknown
com.samsung.map,Unknown
com.daylightmap.moon.pro.android,Books &amp; Reference
bbc.mobile.weather,Weather
com.thetiltalarm.app,Lifestyle
com.bskyb.skynews.android,News &amp; Magazines
com.ta.volumecontrol,Unknown
com.sec.android.app.memo,Unknown
com.sec.android.app.worldclock,Unknown
com.aldiko.android,Books &amp; Reference
com.mapfactor.navigator,Travel &amp; Local
my.handrite,Productivity
com.sec.android.widgetapp.at.yahoostock.stockclock,Unknown
com.feeperfect.feemwifi.free,Tools
nu.tommie.inbrowser,Communication
com.android.hiddenmenu,Unknown
com.ninegag.android.app,Entertainment
com.evernote.skitch,Productivity
com.ijinshan.kbatterydoctor_en,Tools
org.torproject.android,Communication
com.splunchy.android.alarmclock,Tools
com.bskyb.skygo,Entertainment
com.paypal.android.p2pmobile,Finance
uk.co.santander.santanderUK,Finance
com.stac.empire.main,Role Playing
uk.co.northernbank.android.tribank,Finance
com.ninjakiwi.bloonstd5,Strategy
com.realdriftportnew.sipon,Racing
com.google.android.launcher,Tools
org.omnirom.device,Unknown
com.yassirh.digitalocean,Productivity
com.androidlost,Tools
com.gotv.crackle.handset,Entertainment
com.squareup,Business
de.fax.freefax,Communication
mnn.Android,News &amp; Magazines
com.sec.android.widgetapp.dualclockdigital4x2,Unknown
com.sec.android.widgetapp.analogclockunique,Unknown
com.fooducate.nutritionapp,Health &amp; Fitness
com.facebook.pages.app,Business
com.adsk.sketchbookhd.galaxy.oem,Unknown
com.teslacoilsw.launcher.prime,Personalization
com.rhapsody,Music &amp; Audio
com.goodmooddroid.gesturecontroldemo,Tools
org.adaway,Unknown
com.riteshsahu.SMSBackupRestore,Tools
uk.co.o2.android.myo2,Tools
com.siriusapplications.quickboot,Tools
com.akvelon.signaltracker,Tools
mohammad.adib.switchr,Tools
com.fsecure.app.permissions.privacy,Tools
net.thecloud.fastconnect,Travel &amp; Local
air.com.ukeypad.grooveshark,Unknown
com.sapps.android.NoWallpaper,Personalization
com.android.location.fused,Unknown
com.xin.android.notepad,Unknown
com.rockchip.shelves.appwidget,Unknown
com.rk.batteryWidget,Unknown
com.rockchip.photo.appwidget,Unknown
com.android.quicksearchbox,Unknown
com.jogatina.canasta,Card
fi.op.android.lompsa,Finance
com.sonymobile.cameracommon,Unknown
com.sonyericsson.android.camera,Unknown
com.sonyericsson.android.camera3d,Unknown
com.sonyericsson.android.addoncamera.artfilter,Unknown
com.sonymobile.androidapp.functiontester,Tools
com.sonyericsson.album,Unknown
com.sony.smallapp.managerservice,Unknown
com.sonyericsson.crashmonitor,Unknown
com.sonyericsson.dlna,Unknown
com.sony.snei.np.android.account,Tools
com.sonymobile.tvout.wifidisplay,Unknown
com.mobnetic.coinguardian,Finance
com.jmz.soft.twrpmanager,Tools
com.sec.android.providers.tasks,Unknown
com.lge.launcher2,Unknown
com.wakdev.nfctasks,Tools
com.wakdev.wdnfc,Tools
com.lge.carhome,Unknown
com.lge.filemanager,Unknown
com.kloonigames.crayon.humble,Unknown
com.lge.sizechangable.memo,Unknown
com.lge.sizechangable.calendar,Unknown
com.microsoft.office.onenote,Productivity
vStudio.Android.Camera360Plus,Unknown
com.lge.chargingwallpaper.gentlybubblingwatercw,Unknown
com.oasisfeng.greenify,Tools
com.lge.smartshare,Unknown
com.flyersoft.moonreader,Books &amp; Reference
com.tocaboca.tocalab,Education
com.koushikdutta.rommanager.license,Tools
com.example.testapp,Unknown
com.fsecure.ms.dc,Tools
com.SystemCleanup.Inteks.org,Tools
co.vine.android,Social
com.levelup.touiteur,Social
com.tmobile.vvm.application,Tools
com.cequint.ecid,Unknown
com.sec.tetheringprovision,Unknown
com.samsung.android.app.lounge,Unknown
com.lookout,Productivity
com.tmobile.pr.mytmobile,Tools
tv.ustream.ustream,Media &amp; Video
com.sec.android.voltesettings,Unknown
com.tmobile.highlight,News &amp; Magazines
com.android.browser.provider,Unknown
com.sec.android.service.sm,Unknown
com.kakao.talk,Communication
cc.madkite.freedom,Unknown
com.google.android.nfcprovision,Unknown
com.airbnb.android,Travel &amp; Local
com.devuni.flashlight,Tools
com.google.android.apps.iosched,Unknown
com.anod.calendar,Productivity
fi.blockware.mroom,Lifestyle
com.sec.android.app.easylauncher,Unknown
com.sec.setdefaultlauncher,Unknown
com.ipsec.vpnclient,Unknown
com.ipsec.service,Unknown
com.duckduckgo.mobile.android,Books &amp; Reference
info.guardianproject.browser,Communication
com.bbm,Communication
com.speedsoftware.explorer,Productivity
org.xbmc.xbmc,Unknown
com.sec.spen.flashannotate,Unknown
com.neulion.android.zon2013,Media &amp; Video
com.aguirre.android.mycar.activity,Transportation
com.sec.android.RilServiceModeApp,Unknown
com.ea.games.r3_row,Racing
tv.twitch.android.viewer,Entertainment
com.dccu.mobilebanking,Finance
com.rageconsulting.android.lightflowlite,Tools
com.sonymobile.sonyselectdata,Unknown
com.sonymobile.mx.android,Unknown
com.RobotUnicornAttack,Arcade
com.sonyericsson.tetherentitlementcheck,Unknown
com.sonyericsson.music,Unknown
com.gameloft.android.ANMP.GloftA8HM,Racing
com.sonymobile.tasks,Unknown
com.sony.nfx.app.sfrc,News &amp; Magazines
com.sony.gsmguxmk.xperiaprivilege2012,Unknown
com.ea.game.pvz2_row,Casual
com.sonymobile.playanywhere,Unknown
com.sonymobile.phoneusage,Unknown
com.sonyericsson.xhs,Entertainment
com.sonyericsson.usbux,Unknown
com.sonyericsson.home,Unknown
com.sonymobile.runtimeskinning.core,Unknown
com.sonyericsson.updatecenter,Unknown
com.realvnc.android.remote,Unknown
com.authy.authy,Tools
com.kncwallet.wallet,Finance
com.sonyericsson.textinput.uxp,Communication
com.sonymobile.enterprise.service,Unknown
com.playstation.psstore,Unknown
com.sonymobile.photoanalyzer,Unknown
com.sonyericsson.conversations,Unknown
com.ampparit.android,News &amp; Magazines
com.sonyericsson.android.socialphonebook,Unknown
com.sonyericsson.psm.sysmonservice,Unknown
com.sonyericsson.android.smartsearch,Unknown
com.sonyericsson.video,Unknown
com.vzw.sms,Unknown
com.lge.tv.remoteapps,Entertainment
com.gadgetjuice.dockclock,Lifestyle
dk.mobilkunden.app,Tools
com.google.android.apps.chromecast.app,Tools
com.qualcomm.cabl,Unknown
com.lge.LgHiddenMenu,Unknown
com.lge.hiddenmenu,Unknown
com.lge.sizechangable.worldclock,Unknown
com.innopath.activecare.dev.oem,Unknown
com.lge.sizechangable.photoalbum,Unknown
com.lge.lockscreensettings,Unknown
com.liveleak.liveleak,Entertainment
com.agilesoftresource,Productivity
com.giffgaffmobile.controller,Communication
com.lge.SprintHiddenMenu,Unknown
com.linkbubble.playstore,Personalization
com.sonyericsson.capabilities,Unknown
fi.nordea.mobilebank,Finance
com.lander.hello,Entertainment
com.soundcloud.android,Music &amp; Audio
com.mobile.ign,Entertainment
it.mvilla.fenix.preview,Unknown
com.netgate,Finance
com.slice,Shopping
com.truecaller,Communication
com.motorola.widget.circlewidget3d,Unknown
com.urbandroid.inline,Tools
com.instabridge.android,Social
com.google.android.apps.onetoday,Lifestyle
com.pylba.news,News &amp; Magazines
com.texty.sms,Communication
com.anydo.cal,Productivity
com.vzw.hss.widgets.infozone,Tools
com.motorola.nfcauthenticator,Tools
com.blockcallsgetcash,Tools
com.tawkon,Health &amp; Fitness
com.nullsoft.prostub,Unknown
com.anydo,Productivity
com.mrnumber.blocker,Communication
com.tryagent,Tools
com.appstar.callrecorderpro,Tools
com.motorola.aon,Communication
com.motorola.slpc,Communication
todd.hudson.ideclare,Unknown
com.motorola.MotGallery2,Media &amp; Video
me.onemobile.android,Unknown
com.fitnesskeeper.runkeeper.pro,Health &amp; Fitness
gbis.gbandroid,Travel &amp; Local
com.zoner.android.antivirus,Tools
net.simplyadvanced.ltediscovery,Tools
cm.aptoide.pt,Unknown
com.sonyericsson.organizer,Unknown
de.j4velin.notificationToggle,Tools
com.nianticproject.ingress,Adventure
com.sec.android.scloud.quota,Unknown
com.motorola.camera,Tools
com.truphone.andrd,Communication
com.google.glass.companion,Tools
com.tuneit.pingtune.prod,Communication
com.embeepay.mpm,Communication
com.mail.mobile.android.mail,Communication
com.linkedin.android,Social
com.motorola.zap,Media &amp; Video
com.motorola.contextual.smartrules2,Tools
com.amazon.clouddrive.photos,Photography
org.myklos.btautoconnect,Communication
com.motorola.genie,Tools
com.worldmate,Travel &amp; Local
com.pn.helper,Unknown
com.audible.application,Books &amp; Reference
com.xobni.contacts,Unknown
com.motorola.vzw.settings.extensions,Unknown
com.motorola.context,Tools
com.td,Finance
com.felixheller.sharedprefseditor,Tools
com.motorola.audioeffects,Unknown
joansoft.dailybible,Books &amp; Reference
hu.xilard.voiceplus,Communication
com.latedroid.juicedefender,Productivity
com.quizup.core,Trivia
com.goldenfrog.vyprvpn.app,Tools
com.vzw.apnservice,Unknown
com.shazam.encore.android,Music &amp; Audio
com.gn.android.compass,Tools
com.app.stores,Unknown
com.linkbubble.license.playstore,Personalization
com.sonymobile.notes,Unknown
com.wyse.pocketcloudfree,Business
com.pushbullet.android,Productivity
uk.co.nickfines.RealCalc,Productivity
com.buycott.android,Shopping
com.citc.wallbase,Unknown
air.br.com.bitlabs.FLVPlayer,Media &amp; Video
com.levelup.beautifulwidgets,Personalization
ma.wanam.torch,Tools
com.mycelium.wallet,Finance
org.thialfihar.android.apg,Communication
com.surpax.ledflashlight.panel,Productivity
com.devexpert.weather,Weather
com.haxor,Tools
com.nhl.gc1314.njd,Sports
com.sonyericsson.extras.liveware.extension.call,Communication
com.twentyfivesquares.press,News &amp; Magazines
com.runtastic.android.pro2,Health &amp; Fitness
com.skvalex.callrecorder,Tools
com.sonyericsson.extras.liveware.extension.calendar.control,Tools
com.bfrontier.smartwatchmodechanger,Tools
com.fsecure.mobile.contentanywhere.fsc,Social
com.sam.android.app.watchify,Communication
com.tidus.Ephemeridroid,Tools
com.mediatek.batterywarning,Unknown
com.acer.android.widget.weather2,Weather
com.acer.android.widget.digitalclock2,Weather
com.arkea.android.application.cmso2,Finance
com.pagesjaunes,Travel &amp; Local
com.lachainemeteo.androidapp,Weather
com.mediatek.schpwronoff,Unknown
com.aufeminin.marmiton.activities,Lifestyle
com.acer.ccd,Tools
com.mediatek.systemupdate,Unknown
fr.geobert.radis,Finance
com.mediatek.systemupdate.sysoper,Unknown
com.mediatek.mtklogger,Unknown
com.mediatek.videoplayer,Unknown
com.sparrows.wifihotspot,Unknown
com.dexterltd.wifiscanner_lite,Unknown
biz.bookdesign.librivox,Books &amp; Reference
com.google.android.apps.currents,News &amp; Magazines
org.connectbot,Communication
com.google.android.stardroid,Books &amp; Reference
com.android.keepass,Tools
com.lge.QuickClip,Unknown
com.oanda.currencyconverter,Travel &amp; Local
menion.android.locus,Travel &amp; Local
com.fsecure.freedome.vpn.security.privacy.android.fellows,Unknown
com.app.unotelly,Media &amp; Video
com.robotentertainment.heroacademy,Arcade
com.icestone.Emoji,Tools
com.klncity1.emojikeyboard,Tools
com.wiresareobsolete.tripmaster,Unknown
com.crazystudio.emoji.kitkat,Tools
ie.rational.services.rush.poker.net,Card
com.mttnow.droid.easyjet,Travel &amp; Local
com.mediatek.mdlogger,Unknown
com.gmail.developer.runks.enji,Tools
com.ucamera.ucampro,Photography
com.flywheelsoft.goodmorning,Productivity
com.motorola.motoemail,Unknown
com.functionx.viggle,Entertainment
com.qualcomm.atfwd,Unknown
com.qualcomm.qualcommsettings,Unknown
com.cloudmagic.mail,Communication
com.sleepingbeastgames.spaceteam,Family
com.rcreations.WebCamViewerPaid,Productivity
com.sonymobile.aptx.notifier,Unknown
com.sony.nfx.service.WirelessControllerManagerService,Unknown
com.sonymobile.seamlesstether,Unknown
org.codeaurora.bluetooth,Unknown
com.sonymobile.smartconnect.smartwatch2,Communication
com.example.darkactionbar,Unknown
com.tdevaux.googleurlshortener,Productivity
com.google.sample.cast.refplayer,Unknown
com.fsecure.pwmgr,Unknown
com.google.android.apps.cloudprint,Productivity
com.motorola.messaging,Unknown
com.rhmsoft.deviantart,Unknown
de.steverohrlack.statusagenda,Productivity
com.microsoft.smartglass,Entertainment
com.skype.android.access,Travel &amp; Local
com.voxofon,Communication
com.jiubang.browser,Communication
it.miabit.android.dataonoff,Tools
msd.n2g.n3g.sell,Unknown
com.sec.android.provider.smemo,Unknown
com.mint,Finance
com.intuit.quicken,Finance
usa.jersey.tvlistings,Entertainment
com.bubblesoft.android.bubbleupnp,Music &amp; Audio
com.codemasters.cmrally,Racing
com.anddoes.notifier,Personalization
com.duudood.dota2,Unknown
com.fingersoft.hillclimb,Racing
com.sonyericsson.metadatacleanup,Unknown
com.citc.weather,Weather
com.sonymobile.autopairing,Unknown
com.mobisystems.fileman,Business
com.sonyericsson.customizedsettings,Unknown
com.sonyericsson.setupwizard,Unknown
com.sonyericsson.lockscreen.uxpnxt,Unknown
com.sonymobile.experienceflow2,Personalization
com.sonymobile.gpssatellitesnotification,Unknown
org.zapto.samhippiemiddlepoolchecker,Tools
com.sonymobile.remotestorage,Unknown
com.sonymobile.remotefileaccess,Unknown
com.sonymobile.dlna,Unknown
com.sonymobile.podcast,Unknown
com.sonyericsson.tvout.mhl,Unknown
com.jrdcom.torch,Unknown
com.jrdcom.setupwizard,Unknown
com.farproc.wifi.analyzer,Tools
com.android.videoeditor,Unknown
com.lima.doodlejump,Arcade
pt.cgd.caixadirecta,Unknown
pt.tmn.android.ptcenter,Tools
com.sonymobile.sonyselect,Unknown
com.sonyericsson.settings,Unknown
com.sonyericsson.wallpaperpicker,Unknown
com.android.wallpaper.livepicker,Unknown
com.go.launcherex.theme.kxnt.miui,Unknown
com.sonymobile.androidapp.cameraaddon.infoeye,Unknown
stealthychief.theme.axis,Personalization
com.dreambit.wazeup,Unknown
com.runar.issdetector,Education
com.nuance.swype.amz,Unknown
com.lge.sizechangable.weather,Unknown
com.hy.system.fontserver,Unknown
com.fsecure.mobile.sync,Unknown
com.sonymobile.drm.ui,Unknown
com.lge.app.richnote,Unknown
com.lge.voicerecorder,Unknown
com.altaine.subcard,Lifestyle
com.namcobandaigames.pacmantournaments,Arcade
com.infraware.polarisoffice,Unknown
namco.pacman.cedemo,Arcade
com.dsd164.snake97,Arcade
com.dsd164.snake2k,Arcade
se.badaccess.locale.nfc,Productivity
uk.co.mytechie.setDNSPro,Tools
com.zealousOne.changemydns,Tools
com.c51,Shopping
com.android.protips,Unknown
com.nxp.taginfolite,Tools
com.hemispheregames.osmos.tablet.humble,Unknown
com.eboks.activities,Productivity
biz.bokhorst.xprivacy,Unknown
fi.polar.beat,Health &amp; Fitness
com.mcp.android.wocs,Tools
com.htc.cirmodule,Unknown
cz.zalsky.android.watchremotecontrol,Music &amp; Audio
com.redbend.vdmc,Unknown
com.macropinch.swan,Weather
com.motorola.vvm,Unknown
com.motorola.deviceauthenticator,Unknown
com.voiceplusfree,Communication
com.holiestar.flashoncall,Unknown
com.motorola.audiomonitor,Tools
com.qualcomm.services.location,Unknown
com.motorola.vzw.phone.extensions,Unknown
com.motorola.wirelessdisplay.service,Unknown
com.motorola.notificationtutorial,Unknown
com.motorola.devicemanagement,Unknown
com.motorola.targetnotif,Communication
com.arcana.roamer,Travel &amp; Local
com.motorola.context.updater,Unknown
com.motorola.motocare,Unknown
com.motorola.cardock,Unknown
com.motorola.motlauncher,Unknown
hotspotshield.android.vpn,Tools
com.cogi.mobile,Productivity
com.sonymobile.smartconnect.raphael,Communication
com.fsecure.mobile.castintegrationtest,Unknown
com.example.android.navigationdrawerexample,Unknown
dk.cph.cphairport,Travel &amp; Local
com.kakao.story,Social
com.github.andlyticsproject,Tools
com.imdb.mobile,Entertainment
de.theknut.xposedgelsettings,Tools
com.ammobile.acupain,Medical
de.telekom.mdm,Tools
de.chip.ultimate,News &amp; Magazines
com.xing.android,Social
com.lge.shutdownmonitor,Unknown
com.lge.mhlmultimediahome,Unknown
com.doublep.wakey,Tools
com.lovewuchin.xposed.xmultiwindow,Unknown
com.sunspot.ray.pro,Personalization
com.mediatek.filemanager,Unknown
com.example.testelayout,Unknown
com.vimeo.android.videoapp,Entertainment
air.com.fanatee.letroca,Word
com.interfacom.taxiclick,Travel &amp; Local
com.pocketools.currency,Finance
com.xe.currency,Travel &amp; Local
com.wunderkinder.wunderlistandroid,Productivity
com.t_systems.ctv.android,Entertainment
de.telekom.hotspotlogin.de,Tools
com.quoord.tapatalkxdapre.activity,Communication
com.android.wallpapercropper,Unknown
com.canonical.ubuntu.installer,Unknown
flashlight.led.clock,Productivity
com.kaja.instantwatcher,Media &amp; Video
com.google.android.apps.blogger,Social
com.Kajakki.Venyttely,Unknown
com.socialnmobile.colordict,Books &amp; Reference
com.motionone.afterfocus,Photography
com.softpauer.f1timingapp2014.basic,Sports
com.s0up.goomanager,Unknown
com.fossor.wheellauncher,Personalization
com.android.wallpaper,Unknown
com.jamworks.sidecuts,Personalization
com.lego.starwars.theyodachronicles,Arcade
com.yunio,Tools
com.qq.qcloud,Productivity
com.mseven.msecure,Productivity
com.sonymobile.sketch,Entertainment
com.vtcreator.android360,Photography
com.sonyericsson.unsupportedheadsetnotifier,Unknown
com.radiantbits.atrium,Unknown
com.fappbulously.movie,Unknown
com.fossor.wheellauncherfull,Personalization
com.motorola.localwipe.policy,Unknown
com.lge.gnss.airtest,Unknown
com.vistechprojects.planimeter,Productivity
com.vistechprojects.maptrack,Productivity
com.wikia.singlewikia.leagueoflegends,Entertainment
com.google.android.play.games,Entertainment
dk.danskebank.mobilepay,Finance
mohammad.adib.sidebar,Tools
com.linedev.android.hub,Unknown
com.linedev.android.hub.pro,Unknown
com.birbeck.android.coverart,Music &amp; Audio
ru.mail.cloud,Productivity
ch.threema.app,Communication
com.dynamixsoftware.printhand,Business
larry.zou.colorfullife,Social
com.sebouh00.smartwifitoggler,Tools
org.navitproject.navit,Travel &amp; Local
com.paranoid.lightbulb,Unknown
org.wahtod.wififixer,Tools
com.mediatek.bluetooth,Unknown
com.mediatek.thermalmanager,Unknown
com.FD.updater,Tools
com.acer.android.liveupdater,Unknown
com.mediatek.voicecommand,Unknown
com.mediatek.datatransfer,Unknown
com.moblynx.cameraics,Photography
com.mediatek.apst.target,Unknown
com.acer.android.datatraffic,Unknown
com.mediatek.todos,Unknown
com.sonyericsson.credentialmanagerservice,Unknown
ds.cpuoverlay,Tools
fi.op.android.webbank,Finance
com.contapps.android.dialer,Communication
com.turner.cnvideoapp,Media &amp; Video
com.flyingottersoftware.mega,Productivity
com.marinetraffic,Unknown
appsfuel.buongiorno.com,Unknown
com.acm.dl,Books &amp; Reference
com.care.android.careview,Lifestyle
com.jrdcom.ui.notes,Unknown
org.openintents.shopping,Shopping
com.sony.smallapp.launcher,Unknown
com.socialnmobile.dictapps.notepad.color.note,Productivity
com.mediatek.MediatekDM,Unknown
com.mobogenie,Unknown
vStudio.Android.Camera360,Photography
com.opda.actionpoint,Tools
com.vectorlabs.fingerprint.lockscanner,Unknown
atticlab.bodyscanner,Entertainment
com.lenovo.anyshare,Unknown
com.huawei.android.totemweather,Unknown
com.huawei.android.hwouc,Unknown
com.huawei.inputmethod.hwpal,Unknown
com.iphone5s.ios7.lockscreen,Unknown
globalcom.mobilenumberlocator,Unknown
com.smule.magicpiano,Music &amp; Audio
com.rumr,Communication
com.andymstone.accuratecompass,Tools
com.mediocre.grannysmith,Arcade
com.andromo.dev22397.app140830,News &amp; Magazines
org.qcontinuum.planets,Education
com.svox.classic,Libraries &amp; Demo
com.csipsimple,Communication
air.PenaltyCup2014,Unknown
org.boskoi.android,Tools
com.ridescoutapp.android.ridescout,Transportation
com.alltrails.alltrails,Travel &amp; Local
air.gov.census.phone.dwellr,Lifestyle
com.aware.plugin.weather,Unknown
com.dianxinos.dxbs,Productivity
com.aware.plugin.pedometer,Unknown
com.aware.plugin.modeoftransportation,Unknown
com.aware.plugin.noise_level,Unknown
com.igg.clash_of_lords,Strategy
com.igg.castleclash,Strategy
br.com.rodrigokolb.realdrum,Music
matchart.android,Lifestyle
com.pikpok.rua2,Arcade
com.superphunlabs.speedgauge,Transportation
com.stt.android,Health &amp; Fitness
com.qo.android.sp.oem,Unknown
com.mjs.countemblackjack2,Card
com.google.android.videoeditor,Unknown
com.tct.onetouchshare,Unknown
com.example.getconversas,Unknown
com.qualcomm.qcrilmsgtunnel,Unknown
com.innovagency.ana,Transportation
com.jrdcom.tethering,Unknown
com.speedsoftware.rootexplorer,Productivity
com.qualcomm.shutdownlistner,Unknown
com.sec.tcpdumpservice,Unknown
com.sec.android.omc,Unknown
com.fmm.ds,Unknown
com.hp.android.print,Productivity
com.donutgames.catphysics,Family
com.merriamwebster,Books &amp; Reference
com.example.getchamadas,Unknown
com.mandicmagic.android,Social
com.galaxy.portugaltv,Unknown
com.omersezer.portugalfootball,Unknown
com.BinauralBeatsMusic05_3,Lifestyle
com.kiwifruitmobile.sudoku,Board
fr.epicdream.beamy,Shopping
org.leo.android.dict,Books &amp; Reference
com.lego.mindstorms.robotcommander,Tools
com.NP.teclado,Unknown
com.digital_and_dreams.android.swiss_army_knife,Tools
com.pixlr.express,Photography
com.maildroid,Communication
com.avg.cleaner,Tools
com.countercultured.irc.slim,Unknown
com.cyanogenmod.settings.device,Unknown
com.maxmpz.audioplayer.widgetpack1,Music &amp; Audio
com.mgs.mundodapicaria,News &amp; Magazines
com.Magickey.MagicContact,Communication
com.teamviewer.quicksupport.market,Productivity
com.google.earth,Travel &amp; Local
com.google.chromeremotedesktop,Tools
com.mailboxapp,Productivity
com.teamviewer.quicksupport.addon.alcatela,Productivity
com.icecoldapps.screenshotultimate,Tools
com.idmobile.flashlight,Tools
com.android.shell,Unknown
com.rastergrid.game.pocketsoccer,Arcade
com.entwicklerx.shuffleboard,Casual
com.jrdcom.alcatelhelp,Unknown
pt.sapo.mobile.android.cinema,Entertainment
com.cooliris.media,Unknown
com.popularapp.fakecall,Productivity
com.battery.saving.app,Unknown
com.rootuninstaller.taskbarw8,Tools
com.rootuninstaller.rambooster,Tools
com.Tech7.KitKatLockScreen,Personalization
com.osmino.wifil,Tools
com.amazon.fv,Unknown
com.battery.saver.fast.charging,Unknown
com.kashif.TalkingCallerID,Productivity
com.moblynx.galleryicsold,Photography
com.moblynx.camerakk,Photography
com.beatsmusic.android.client,Music &amp; Audio
com.kitkatandroid.contacts,Unknown
com.sp.smartgallery.free,Tools
si.matejpikovnik.menstrual,Medical
com.mandy.kitkatwallpapers,Personalization
com.p_phone_sf.trial.android,Communication
com.motorola.wappushsi,Unknown
com.motorola.moodle,Unknown
com.motorola.service.vzw.entitlement,Unknown
com.motorola.android.provisioning,Unknown
com.motorola.android.dm.service,Unknown
com.motorola.motocit,Unknown
com.motorola.android.buacontactadapter,Unknown
com.zeroneapps.battery,Tools
com.benhirashima.skiplock,Tools
com.rmfdev.callfaker,Entertainment
com.jb.gosms,Communication
fi.mikrotie.treemaker,Arcade
com.imgur.mobile,Entertainment
com.pallosalama.callerinfo.application,Communication
uk.amazon.mShop.android,Shopping
fm.last.android,Music &amp; Audio
com.meecel.feedreader.RssDemonAd,News &amp; Magazines
com.mobilemeans.spr,Lifestyle
com.binarytoys.speedometer,Transportation
com.roymam.android.notificationswidget,Personalization
com.trulia.android.rentals,Lifestyle
com.motorola.hotspotlauncher,Unknown
com.Tech7.iPhone5sIOSLockScreen,Casual
com.androidkitkat.wallpapers,Unknown
com.kk.launcher,Personalization
cz.aponia.bor3,Travel &amp; Local
com.retorikdevelopment.apinaviewer,Entertainment
org.kman.WifiManager,Productivity
com.rsc.wifiathome,Unknown
net.teapot.widget,Tools
de.idcardscanner,Tools
com.roamingsoft.manager,Tools
com.avg.wifiassist,Tools
com.pccw.pccwHotspotFinder_Tourist,Tools
com.contactive,Communication
com.callapp.contacts,Communication
com.estoty.game2048,Puzzle
pt.ibrisa,Business
app.xray,Transportation
com.geolink.taxilink,Transportation
com.miniclip.eightballpool,Sports
com.rageconsulting.android.lightflow,Tools
com.mventus.selfcare.activity,Productivity
com.citi.citimobile,Finance
net.rgruet.android.g3watchdog,Tools
com.lotus.sync.traveler,Business
com.rb.wifiwidget,Tools
com.tinyroar.xposedlgg2,Personalization
com.lge.appbox.client,Unknown
com.lge.dmf.admin,Unknown
com.lge.eula,Unknown
com.lge.sizechangable.musicwidget.widget,Unknown
com.lge.vmemo,Social
com.lge.lgdmsclient,Unknown
com.vonage.TimeToCall,Communication
com.viaforensics.viaprotect.android.agent,Tools
com.handmark.tweetcaster,Social
pastrylab.clocknow,Personalization
com.bestappsmarket.android.bestapps,Tools
com.lingualy.lingualymobile,Education
com.drippler.android.updates,News &amp; Magazines
com.quvideo.xiaoying,Media &amp; Video
com.locationlabs.sparkle.yellow.pre,Unknown
com.freevideo.entertainment.youtube,Unknown
com.motorola.sprint.entitlement,Unknown
com.myfitnesspal.android,Health &amp; Fitness
com.sbrtech.plugin.extension.videocache,Unknown
com.motorola.android.omadm.sprint.dataservice,Unknown
com.motorola.sensorhub.msp430.updater,Unknown
com.motorola.digitalpersonalization,Unknown
com.lge.sizechangable.finance,Unknown
com.usablenet.mobile.walgreen,Shopping
ru.image.hd.free.review500px,Unknown
com.lifehacker.mobile,Unknown
com.mobilefitness.nykredit,Health &amp; Fitness
pl.webnet.android.dateintray.pro,Productivity
com.appuccino.frequencyfree,Tools
com.asdamp.x_day,Tools
com.sparrow.fairytales,Educational
com.snappea,Tools
org.me.tvligenu.pro,Entertainment
com.lge.slideaside,Unknown
com.chanapps.four.activity,Unknown
com.smlds,Unknown
com.htc.linkedin,Unknown
com.wallpapers.backgroud.hd,Unknown
com.csam.gazelle.activity,Unknown
com.samsung.mdl.radio,Music &amp; Audio
com.battlelancer.seriesguide,Entertainment
ca.metronews.Metro,News &amp; Magazines
com.copy,Productivity
wsm.wifimousefree,Unknown
com.bsplayer.bspandroid.free,Media &amp; Video
com.koushikdutta.cast,Entertainment
vivino.web.app,Lifestyle
com.indepico.iptester,Tools
com.lge.smartshare.provider,Unknown
com.ifttt.ifttt,Productivity
com.Tobit.android.Slitte6414812160,Unknown
com.ideas.for.life,Unknown
nl.telegraaf,News &amp; Magazines
nl.tmg.upcoming,News &amp; Magazines
com.indepico.netstat,Tools
com.ninegag.android.x,Entertainment
com.madhead.tos.en,Puzzle
com.namcobandaigames.galagasefree,Action
ru.org.amip.ClockSync,Tools
com.hbwares.wordfeud.free,Word
com.pantech.app.simplehomeinfoclock,Unknown
com.quizbattle.client.android,Unknown
com.lge.ime,Unknown
com.lge.bnr,Unknown
com.quoord.tapatalkpro.activity,Social
imoblife.memorybooster.lite,Productivity
com.lge.lmk,Unknown
com.mobilityware.solitaire,Card
net.endoftime.android.forumrunner.tdpri,Social
com.movial.ipprovider,Unknown
com.lge.appwidget.lgsearch,Unknown
com.scannerradio,Entertainment
com.att.android.attsmartwifi,Tools
com.asurion.android.mobilerecovery.att,Tools
com.doodlejoy.studio.kidsdoojoy,Family
com.geekyouup.android.widgets.battery,Productivity
com.wandoujia.phoenix2.usbproxy,Unknown
com.appsilicious.wallpapers,Entertainment
jp.ddo.pigsty.HabitBrowser,Communication
com.redbull.racers,Racing
com.lge.qremote,Unknown
com.nando86.seg60,News &amp; Magazines
com.lge.clock,Unknown
another.music.player,Music &amp; Audio
com.htc.flexnet,Unknown
com.rebeltwins.aliensdrivemecrazy,Action
com.box.android,Business
com.pikpok.gbod,Arcade
com.wizi.facesin,Social
com.rookiestudio.perfectviewer,Comics
com.sonyericsson.idd.agent,Unknown
com.samsung.vvm,Unknown
org.npr.android.news,News &amp; Magazines
com.mg.android,Weather
com.sonyericsson.hdmi.controlservice,Unknown
com.htc.android.mail,Unknown
com.gvoip,Communication
com.artificialsolutions.teneo.va.prod,Productivity
com.pantech.weather,Unknown
com.alienmanfc6.wheresmyandroid,Tools
com.drivemode,Productivity
hr.dentex.dentex,Productivity
com.clearchannel.iheartradio.controller,Music &amp; Audio
sk.michalec.SimpleDigiClockWidget,Personalization
com.sonyericsson.advancedwidget.onoff,Unknown
com.sonyericsson.tvlauncher,Unknown
com.sonyericsson.androidapp.smart,Unknown
com.sonymobile.xperialink,Communication
com.sharpcast.sugarsync,Productivity
com.distilledmedia.adverts,Lifestyle
com.koushikdutta.backup,Tools
dp.ws.popcorntime,Unknown
com.touchtype.swiftkey.pantech.magnus,Unknown
net.xdevelop.rm,Business
com.nitrodesk.honey.nitroid,Business
com.gotv.nflgamecenter.us.lite,Sports
com.panasonic.pavc.viera.vieraremote2,Entertainment
com.gameloft.android.ANMP.GloftDMHM,Casual
com.blueant.android,Communication
com.asim.prayertimehd,Travel &amp; Local
com.htc.idlescreen.base,Unknown
com.symantec.mobilesecurity,Tools
com.google.android.apps.gesturesearch,Tools
com.versus,Shopping
com.ss.launcher.to,Personalization
in.vineetsirohi.customwidget,Personalization
com.htc.dockmode,Unknown
com.htc.calendar,Unknown
com.htc.android.worldclock,Tools
com.htc.cs,Unknown
com.android.htccontacts,Unknown
de.stohelit.folderplayer,Music &amp; Audio
com.vznavigator.SCHI605,Travel &amp; Local
de.stohelit.audiobookplayer,Music &amp; Audio
com.myskyspark.music,Music &amp; Audio
com.Aetherpal.Device,Unknown
com.samsung.syncmlservice,Unknown
com.staircase3.opensignal,Tools
com.hb.settings,Productivity
mobi.infolife.uninstaller,Productivity
com.webroot.security.sme,Business
com.dotsandlines.carbon,Unknown
com.bubblesoft.android.gmusicfs,Unknown
com.gsamlabs.bbm,Tools
com.android.syncml.service,Unknown
com.android.providers.syncml,Unknown
com.android.qualcomm,Unknown
com.metropcs.service.vvm,Business
com.andrew.apollo.plus,Unknown
com.antispycell,Tools
com.opera.mini.next.android,Unknown
com.quran.labs.androidquran,Books &amp; Reference
com.devexpert.weatheradfree,Weather
com.denper.addonsdetector,Tools
com.bitdefender.clueful,Tools
com.jrtstudio.AnotherMusicPlayer,Music &amp; Audio
org.fox.ttrss,News &amp; Magazines
com.dolphin.browser.zero,Communication
de.antonwolf.agendawidget,Tools
com.schurich.android.tools.appopsstarter,Tools
com.dashlabs.dash.android,Travel &amp; Local
com.trustgo.addetector,Tools
com.comodo.batterysaver,Tools
com.vlingo.odyssey,Unknown
com.matchboxmobile.wisp,Unknown
org.antivirus,Communication
de.stohelit.playerwidgets,Music &amp; Audio
com.google.android.apps.docs.editors.sheets,Productivity
com.google.android.apps.docs.editors.docs,Productivity
com.tweddle.toyota.entune,Lifestyle
com.motorola.acousticwarning,Unknown
org.withouthat.acalendar,Productivity
com.waygoapp.waygo,Travel &amp; Local
nextapp.fx,Business
com.motorola.widget.favorites,Unknown
com.angrydoughnuts.android.alarmclock,Tools
com.motorola.contextual.smartrules,Tools
com.motorola.homescreen,Unknown
com.motorola.calendar,Unknown
com.emusic.android,Music &amp; Audio
com.vcast.mediamanager,Productivity
magory.mahjongpremium,Puzzle
com.motorola.dataoffloading,Unknown
com.motorola.quickview,Unknown
org.yuttadhammo.BodhiTimer,Lifestyle
com.vito.lux,Tools
com.vitocassisi.lux.plugin.nexus4,Tools
com.halfbrick.fruitninjafree,Arcade
com.dama.paperartist,Unknown
com.android.phasebeam,Unknown
com.samsung.vmmhux,Unknown
com.motorola.smartcardock,Unknown
com.gabrielecirulli.app2048,Puzzle
com.fireflame.dungeonraid,Puzzle
com.amazon.windowshop,Shopping
com.indeed.android.jobsearch,Business
com.stackexchange.marvin,Social
com.benchevoor.huepro,Lifestyle
com.instapaper.android,News &amp; Magazines
org.openintents.filemanager,Productivity
com.painless.pc,Tools
com.lg.apps.lglaundry,Tools
com.rechild.advancedtaskkiller,Productivity
mobi.infolife.appbackup,Productivity
com.dealnews.android.ui,Shopping
com.ventismedia.android.mediamonkey,Music &amp; Audio
com.careerconfidential.jobqa,Business
com.Hypnosis,Medical
com.erickbrown.superselfesteemapp,Lifestyle
com.global.foodpanda.android,Lifestyle
com.htc.clock3dwidget,Unknown
de.j4velin.calendarWidget,Productivity
com.underwood.calendar_beta,Productivity
com.mobisystems.editor.office_registered,Business
com.podkicker,Media &amp; Video
de.j4velin.delayedlock2.trial,Tools
com.atdevsoft.apps.extdatewidgetlite,Personalization
com.pindroid,Productivity
com.nprpodcastplayer.app,News &amp; Magazines
com.bwx.bequick,Productivity
com.rerware.android.MyBackupPro,Tools
com.lslk.sleepbot,Health &amp; Fitness
com.domobile.applock,Tools
jp.co.johospace.jorte,Productivity
org.linphone,Communication
info.guardianproject.otr.app.im,Communication
com.scottmain.android.searchlight,Tools
org.peterbaldwin.client.android.vlcremote,Unknown
com.opengarden.firechat,Social
com.jwsoft.nfcactionlauncher,Tools
ch.berard.musicpump,Music &amp; Audio
ch.berard.xbmcremotebeta,Media &amp; Video
net.eagin.software.android.dejaloYa,Health &amp; Fitness
com.dwdesign.tweetings,Social
net.nakvic.dromoris,Lifestyle
com.distilledmedia.thejournal,News &amp; Magazines
com.htc.htcMessageUploader,Unknown
com.sonymobile.helpapp7,Unknown
com.klye.ime.latin,Tools
com.asksven.betterbatterystats,Tools
fr.slvn.mms,Communication
com.disney.wheresmywater2_goo,Puzzle
com.habitflow.habitflow,Lifestyle
com.mx.browser,Communication
com.UCMobile.intl,Communication
com.htc.googlereader,Unknown
org.plantnet,Education
com.mobisystems.msdict.embedded.wireless.oxford.coed,Unknown
plant.dictionary,Lifestyle
com.htc.home.personalize,Unknown
com.opera.mini.android,Communication
com.aor.droidicious.free,Productivity
com.htc.bluetooth.le.profiles,Unknown
com.htc.sense.hsp,Libraries &amp; Demo
com.smartthings.android,Lifestyle
com.htc.syncml.service,Unknown
com.fitbit.FitbitMobile,Health &amp; Fitness
com.htc.dnatransfer,Unknown
com.promethyl.batterychargingsourcecurrent,Tools
com.sonyericsson.advancedwidget.weather,Unknown
com.sonyericsson.provider.voipcalllog,Unknown
com.flyersoft.moonreaderp,Books &amp; Reference
de.underflow.calc,Tools
com.pantech.app.pillreminder,Unknown
jp.r246.twicca,Social
com.mobidia.android.mdm,Tools
com.bandwidth.rw,Communication
com.morlunk.mumbleclient.free,Communication
com.threeamteam.brownrecluse,Entertainment
com.kayak.android,Travel &amp; Local
com.lifehacker.us,News &amp; Magazines
com.valvesoftware.android.steam.community,Entertainment
com.devicescape.cspire.wifion,Communication
com.sec.android.app.shealthlite,Unknown
com.tripit,Travel &amp; Local
com.sec.app.MIPErrorNotifier,Unknown
com.sicksky,Personalization
com.att.myWireless,Productivity
com.zonewalker.acar,Transportation
com.colapps.reminder,Tools
com.latedroid.juiceplotter,Tools
com.intsig.camscanner,Productivity
com.intsig.lic.camscanner,Productivity
nz.co.aztecinfo,Finance
com.infraware.polarisviewer4,Unknown
com.sega.sonicdash,Arcade
com.alexcruz.fr3donate,Personalization
com.sonyericsson.unplugchargerreminder,Unknown
com.htc.store,Unknown
nexbit.icons.moonshine,Personalization
com.att.android.digitallocker,Productivity
com.htc.sense.mms,Unknown
com.nero.android.htc.sync,Unknown
com.skyfire.browser.toolbar.att,Unknown
com.htc.cs.dm,Unknown
com.htc.providers.syncml,Unknown
com.htc.mms.backupagent,Unknown
com.codesector.calendar,Productivity
com.syntellia.fleksy.kb,Productivity
com.iconology.comics,Comics
com.justeat.app.ca,Lifestyle
com.urbandroid.lux,Health &amp; Fitness
com.jtschohl.donate.androidfirewall,Unknown
com.sonicwall.mobileconnect,Business
com.motorola.avatar,Entertainment
it.gmariotti.android.apps.dashclock.extensions.netinfo,Personalization
net.imatruck.betterweather,Weather
com.ooi.android.smb2,Puzzle
net.audiko2,Entertainment
com.opera.browser,Communication
com.crowbar.beaverlite,Communication
craigs.pro.plus,Lifestyle
au.com.shiftyjelly.pocketcasts,News &amp; Magazines
ui.robot.rotatedonate,Tools
com.android.settingsaccessibility,Unknown
net.trippedout.android.facets,Personalization
com.taobao.taobao,Shopping
com.booking,Travel &amp; Local
com.lge.tts.sfplus,Unknown
com.lge.pa,Unknown
com.lge.wireless_storage,Unknown
com.lge.lgdmsgcm,Unknown
com.lge.ia.task.textlink,Unknown
com.studiokuma.callfilter,Communication
hko.MyObservatory_v1_0,Weather
com.liveov.rebooter,Unknown
com.zuomj.android.countdown,Lifestyle
hk.rthk.fwRTHK01,News &amp; Magazines
daveyfong.hkstock,Finance
eu.nordeus.topeleven.android,Sports
com.evernote.food,Lifestyle
com.sonymobile.cameraautoupload,Unknown
com.digitalsky.dragonbane.de,Role Playing
com.rhapsody.napster,Music &amp; Audio
com.june.think,Trivia
com.ninetyfour.degrees.app,Trivia
com.wsandroid.suite.vodaemea,Tools
com.june.guessthemovie,Trivia
com.htc.android.htcime,Unknown
com.orangelabs.rcs,Unknown
com.vodafone.smhs,Tools
com.vodafone.vodafone360updates,Unknown
com.kikin.settings,Unknown
com.glu.flc2,Action
jp.colopl.enslingshot,Role Playing
uk.co.sevendigital.android,Music &amp; Audio
com.duosecurity.duomobile,Business
com.flowers1800.androidapp2,Shopping
com.konylabs.capitalone,Finance
si.src.tagsee,Tools
com.htc.contacts,Unknown
com.umonistudio.tile,Arcade
com.tcs.ielect,Social
com.ezjoynetwork.bubblekingdom,Puzzle
com.moxier.eas,Unknown
pl.com.digita.BikeComputer,Health &amp; Fitness
com.q9input.inputmethod,Tools
com.trimble.outdoors.navapp.android,Travel &amp; Local
com.lge.livewallpaper.polarbear,Unknown
com.lge.livewallpaper.prince,Unknown
com.hklibrary,Tools
hk.idv.thomasluk.liturgypedia3,Lifestyle
com.google.android.apps.finance,Finance
com.apksoftware.compass,Unknown
com.tripadvisor.android.apps.cityguide.catalog,Travel &amp; Local
com.infraware.polarisviewer,Unknown
com.namcowireless.flightcontrol,Casual
com.lge.osp,Unknown
com.cerience.reader.app,Unknown
com.mtr.mtrmobile,Travel &amp; Local
com.shinycore.picsaypro,Photography
com.lge.camera,Unknown
com.kennyforge.android.Stockulator,Finance
com.hkgeopark.enjoyhiking,Travel &amp; Local
slide.cameraZoom,Photography
com.lge.appwidget.clock,Unknown
networld.price.app,Shopping
com.thehousenews.news,Unknown
com.mingpao.mpnewsandroid,News &amp; Magazines
com.mtel.metrodaily,News &amp; Magazines
com.diotek.diodict3.phone.lg.lgedict,Unknown
com.diotek.diodict3.lgedict.adddict.engchn,Books &amp; Reference
com.hongshee.mobile.anbook.shujing,Books &amp; Reference
com.lge.lginstallservies,Unknown
com.lge.cloudhub,Unknown
com.qualcomm.svi,Unknown
com.pikpok.mamc,Puzzle
com.tendaysoneapp.flib.converter,Tools
com.lge.keepscreenon,Unknown
com.lge.tangible,Unknown
com.melodis.midomiMusicIdentifier.freemium,Music &amp; Audio
com.lge.videoplayer,Unknown
com.lge.streamingplayer,Unknown
com.openrice.android,Lifestyle
com.keyloftllc.imadeface,Entertainment
com.guidedways.android2do,Productivity
d.android.wallpaper.simpleblack,Personalization
inputmethod.latin.perfectkeyboard,Tools
com.arf.weatherstation,Weather
smsr.com.cw,Lifestyle
nextapp.systempanel.r1,Tools
hyperfine.chimes,Personalization
com.avg.privacyfix,Social
com.luckyxmobile.timers4meplus,Productivity
com.good.android.gfe,Productivity
net.yosiopp.hexclock,Tools
ch.gridvision.ppam.androidautomagic,Tools
com.arlosoft.macrodroid,Tools
com.acquasys.timebalance,Productivity
de.appengo.counter,Tools
com.asurion.android.mobilerecovery.sprint,Tools
hyperfine.BigBen,Personalization
com.LiteDroidStudios.app.ActivityTimer,Productivity
com.smartandroidapps.audiowidgetpro,Media &amp; Video
com.rsupport.rs.activity.rsupport.aas,Tools
com.mikesandroidworkshop.android.taskmanager,Productivity
pt.bbarao.nightmode,Tools
mobi.mgeek.mypdf,Communication
com.arcusweather.darksky,Weather
com.vertile.onecast,Entertainment
com.pinger.ppa,Communication
com.quickmobile.servicenow.knowledge2014,Business
com.locationlabs.finder.sprint,Lifestyle
com.telenav.app.android.sprint,Unknown
mco.prj.srv.bwdgs,Board
com.synicworld.dupacount,Productivity
com.zagalaga.keeptrackpro,Productivity
com.acj0.barcodeexpproa,Productivity
com.smartgadgetz.timetracker,Tools
com.jimrandomh.alarmroller,Lifestyle
com.jimmychen.app.eyesprotector,Health &amp; Fitness
com.techahead.ExpenseManager,Finance
com.waterbear.taglog,Productivity
com.bvalosek.cpuspy.realgpp,Tools
com.umusic.davidlloydplaylist,Health &amp; Fitness
com.checkpoint.VPN,Business
ch.search.android.search,Books &amp; Reference
com.chartcross.gpstest,Tools
org.openhab.habdroid,Lifestyle
com.safely.go.driver.safety.stop.texting.driving,Lifestyle
com.andromo.dev19570.app29554,Sports
com.froggyware.froggysnooze.lite,Medical
com.dancingdroid.dailysuccess,Productivity
com.tss21.translator.l10.main,Travel &amp; Local
com.ichi2.anki,Education
com.gamevil.pocketgun,Unknown
ak.alizandro.smartaudiobookplayer,Books &amp; Reference
com.samsung.android.scloud.backup,Unknown
uk.org.ngo.squeezer,Music &amp; Audio
com.trackyapps.street_lens,Travel &amp; Local
net.fidanov.landroid,Communication
ch.sbb.mobile.android.b2c,Transportation
ch.iAgentur.i20Min,News &amp; Magazines
com.mshift.android.patelco,Finance
com.textra,Communication
com.mb.swipedial.donate,Communication
com.sec.android.widgetapp.ap.yahoostock.stockclock,Unknown
com.a0soft.gphone.app2sd,Tools
com.cah.VoiceNote,Productivity
com.htc.musicenhancer,Unknown
com.htc.shoebox.engine.relevance,Unknown
com.ezjoynetwork.gardenmania2,Casual
com.planeto.quizbattle2.bonnier,Trivia
emp.hbu.ro,Unknown
ch.autoscout24.autoscout24,Business
com.marvel.comics,Comics
com.bluebox.labs.onerootscanner,Tools
com.miniclip.plagueinc,Simulation
com.eolwral.osmonitor,Tools
com.riteshsahu.CallLogBackupRestore,Tools
com.droid27.senseflipclockweather,Weather
com.mobint.hololauncher.hd,Personalization
com.citrixonline.android.gotomeeting,Business
com.todoist,Productivity
com.htc.lockscreen,Tools
com.touchtype.swiftkey.phone.trial,Unknown
com.lmi.htc.rescue,Unknown
com.wildtangent.android,Unknown
com.android.facelock,Unknown
com.yahoo.mobile.client.android.yahoo,News &amp; Magazines
com.att.android.mobile.attmessages,Communication
com.prey,Tools
com.wavemarket.waplauncher,Tools
com.kms.free,Tools
com.telenav.app.android.cingular,Travel &amp; Local
uk.co.exelentia.wikipedia,Unknown
com.buzzpia.aqua.appwidget.clock,Personalization
com.riilabs.app.AndroWin,Communication
com.keyboardr.parkingwithglass,Transportation
com.walktohelp.android,Social
com.sonyericsson.eventstream,Unknown
com.pantech.app.wcw,Unknown
com.nimagl2.apps.gmaps,Unknown
de.softxperience.android.noteeverything,Productivity
com.martino2k6.clipboardcontents,Productivity
com.chillingo.catapultkingfree.android.aja,Casual
com.goldenfrog.vyprvpn.beta,Communication
org.vadel.mangawatchman.full,Unknown
com.carbon.delta,Unknown
com.miui.home,Unknown
com.TWCableTV,Entertainment
com.pantech.app.skycamera,Unknown
bbc.mobile.news.uk,News &amp; Magazines
com.motorola.dataswitch,Unknown
com.infraware.polarisoffice5,Unknown
com.kfactormedia.mycalendarmobile,Productivity
com.motorola.dlight,Tools
com.sec.penup,Social
com.n7mobile.nplayer,Music &amp; Audio
fi.rojekti.clipper,Productivity
com.limbic.towermadness2,Strategy
softick.android.photoframe,Media &amp; Video
com.armamp,Music &amp; Audio
com.tripadvisor.tripadvisor,Travel &amp; Local
com.cozi.androidfree,Productivity
com.creativemobile.DragRacing,Racing
jwein.acs.sonar,Casual
com.htc.calculator,Unknown
com.htc.htcmailwidgets,Unknown
com.coverscreen.cover,Personalization
com.samsung.sprint.smcc,Unknown
de.android.telnet2,Tools
com.grooveshark.android.v1,Unknown
com.code42.crashplan.android,Tools
com.ivuu,Media &amp; Video
com.bbrother.voiceplus,Communication
com.iavian.dreport,News &amp; Magazines
com.hayava.android.SoundBoard,Sports
com.winkflash,Unknown
com.lookout.addetector,Tools
com.lge.Notebook,Unknown
com.lge.ia,Unknown
com.lge.settings.easy,Unknown
com.lge.appcleanup,Unknown
com.hulu.plus,Entertainment
com.singtao.iread.headline,News &amp; Magazines
com.sec.hearingadjust,Unknown
com.sec.android.fotaprovider,Unknown
com.ticktick.task,Productivity
org.koxx.pure_calendar,Productivity
eu.chainfire.firepaper.fivehundredpx,Photography
com.mdv.SWCompanion,Transportation
com.htc.AutoMotive,Unknown
com.synchronoss.dcs.att.r2g,Unknown
com.stitcher.app,Music &amp; Audio
com.htc.sense.ime,Tools
com.android.vpndialogs,Unknown
com.htc.cloudstorage.drive,Unknown
com.htc.task.gtask,Unknown
com.famigo.sandbox,Education
com.trulia.android,Lifestyle
com.htc.vvm.att,Unknown
com.futuredial,Unknown
com.htc.HTCSpeaker.overlayui,Unknown
com.htc.csrecommend,Unknown
com.htc.fm,Unknown
com.htc.demoflopackageinstaller,Unknown
com.motorola.smartmode,Unknown
com.philips.lighting.hue,Lifestyle
com.pdanet.tablet2,Communication
ro.weednet.contactssync,Social
com.raycom.hnn,News &amp; Magazines
com.ceruleanstudios.trillian.android,Communication
com.coffeebeanventures.easyvoicerecorder,Productivity
com.htc.sense.socialnetwork.instagram,Unknown
pl.androiddev.mobiletab,Productivity
com.samsung.android.intelligenceservice,Unknown
com.chimpler.stockdroid,Finance
com.svm.snips,Tools
com.gerbugy.habit,Unknown
com.archos.mediacenter.video,Media &amp; Video
com.ventismedia.android.mediamonkeybeta,Music &amp; Audio
com.mizustudios.supermetroidlwp,Unknown
com.sprint.w.installer,Unknown
com.quoord.tapatalkautoguidefree.activity,Social
com.naturalmotion.clumsyninja,Family
com.tapblaze.monsterburger,Family
com.tapblaze.mypizzashop,Family
com.turborilla.MadSkillsMotocross2,Racing
com.srb.app.wfd,Lifestyle
com.cma.blackwhitegame,Unknown
com.teslacoilsw.flashlight,Tools
xcxin.fehd,Tools
com.checkthis.frontback,Social
com.zumobi.msnbc,News &amp; Magazines
com.starbucks.mobilecard,Lifestyle
com.supertext.phone,Communication
com.sec.smartcard.manager,Unknown
com.isis.mclient.atnt.activity,Finance
com.sec.android.sviewcover,Unknown
com.samsung.android.scloud.sync,Unknown
com.samsung.android.scloud.auth,Unknown
com.htc.camera,Unknown
com.jupiterapps.phoneusage,Tools
home.solo.launcher.free,Personalization
com.domobile.applockwatcher,Tools
com.payneservices.LifeReminders,Productivity
com.lonelycatgames.Xplore,Tools
com.thesoundagency.study,Education
com.vocabulary.app,Education
amebis.termania.net,Books &amp; Reference
net.cachapa.libra,Health &amp; Fitness
jp.co.taosoftware.android.packetcapturepro,Tools
com.clippersync.android.plugin,Libraries &amp; Demo
eu.sweetlygeek.sleepytime,Health &amp; Fitness
mobi.beyondpod.hd,News &amp; Magazines
com.boatbrowser.free,Communication
com.gumtree.android,Lifestyle
com.motorola.moodles,Unknown
com.moblynx.clockjb,Personalization
pdf.reader,Books &amp; Reference
com.forshared.music,Music &amp; Audio
org.geometerplus.zlibrary.ui.android,Books &amp; Reference
com.roidapp.photogrid,Photography
com.andronicus.ledclock,Lifestyle
com.bigeyes0x0.trickstermod,Tools
com.maildroid.pro,Communication
menion.android.locus.pro,Travel &amp; Local
me.disconnect.search,Tools
com.lge.android.connectionmanager.widget,Unknown
com.gympact.android,Health &amp; Fitness
com.google.android.diskusage,Tools
com.htc.sdm,Unknown
com.htc.MediaCacheService,Unknown
com.htc.ereader,Unknown
com.trello,Productivity
netgenius.bizcal,Productivity
com.lge.sync,Unknown
nl.sanomamedia.android.nu,News &amp; Magazines
com.appstar.callrecorder,Tools
com.noinnion.android.greader.reader,News &amp; Magazines
com.hetweer.in.nl,Weather
com.agilestorm.fakecall.pro,Productivity
com.usbank.mobilebanking,Finance
com.htc.music,Unknown
com.htc.htcdlnamiddlelayer,Unknown
com.endomondo.android,Health &amp; Fitness
com.googlecode.droidwall.free,Tools
com.cnn.mobile.android.phone,News &amp; Magazines
com.azefsw.purchasedapps,Tools
org.adwfreak.launcher,Personalization
com.th.android.widget.gTabsimiClock,Tools
com.privateinternetaccess.android,Communication
com.ivy.doze,Music &amp; Audio
com.binarybulge.android.apps.keyboard.full,Tools
com.deeptrouble.yaarreddit,News &amp; Magazines
org.rojekti.clipper,Productivity
com.nezdroid.lockscreenprotector,Tools
com.scee.psxandroid,Entertainment
com.ryerson.go,Transportation
com.cypressworks.changelogviewer,Tools
com.scoompa.voicechanger,Entertainment
keepass2android.keepass2android,Tools
net.peakgames.lostbubble,Arcade
com.sonyericsson.secureclockservice,Unknown
com.skymotion.skymotion,Weather
com.jrummy.liberty.toolbox,Tools
com.rn.sayit,Unknown
com.softcom.launcher,Unknown
com.project.memoryerrorguard,Tools
com.lostnet.fw.pro,Productivity
com.crypticapps.nettech,Tools
net.doo.snap,Productivity
com.sorrosoft.datalock,Tools
kr.dinosoft.android.ExperienceG3Note_gl,Business
com.pimpimmobile.atimer,Health &amp; Fitness
com.m0narx.tweaks,Unknown
org.kman.AquaMail,Productivity
com.armorforandroid.security,Tools
com.sec.everglades.update,Unknown
com.appspot.scruffapp,Social
com.miui.providers.datahub,Unknown
com.sec.android.app.voicerecorder,Unknown
com.kevinforeman.sabconnect,Unknown
joewu.dmm,Tools
com.meraki.sm,Business
imoblife.toolbox.full.plugin.timer,Tools
tw.abgne.flashlight,Tools
org.cyanogenmod.themes.provider,Unknown
org.cyanogenmod.theme.chooser,Unknown
com.froogloid.kring.google.zxing.client.android,Shopping
dk.logisoft.aircontrolfull,Casual
com.fusionmedia.investing,Finance
com.yahoo.mobile.client.android.finance,Finance
com.cardcam.QTranslator,Unknown
com.onepassword.passwordmanager,Unknown
com.keramidas.TitaniumBackupPro,Tools
com.lge.sizechangable.favoritecontacts,Unknown
com.google.android.apps.inputmethod.cantonese,Tools
be.persgroep.android.news.mobilead,News &amp; Magazines
pl.krzysiek.afc.iqt,Puzzle
com.sec.android.app.twlauncher,Unknown
com.sec.android.app.factorytest,Unknown
com.lge.gestureanswering,Unknown
net.openvpn.openvpn,Communication
com.zenprise,Tools
com.jiubang.goscreenlock.plugin.lockscreen,Productivity
com.clapfootgames.tennis,Sports
nl.ns.android.activity,Travel &amp; Local
com.hetverkeer.info,Travel &amp; Local
com.inajstudios.wemineltc,Tools
com.shield.myspeedmeter,Tools
com.app.downloadmanager,Tools
com.tvalabama.android.weather,Weather
com.wsi.android.intellicast,Weather
com.vs_unusedappremover,Tools
com.netqin.ps,Business
com.webascender.callerid,Communication
com.enflick.android.ping,Social
com.trustgo.mobile.security,Tools
com.sec.android.socialhub,Unknown
com.thetalkerapp.main,Productivity
org.ideavivo.android.weatheralert,Weather
com.beenverified.android,Tools
com.lge.sizechangable.email,Unknown
com.wBackgroundCheckAndroid,Unknown
com.sec.android.widgetapp.stockclock,Unknown
com.vlingo.client.samsung,Unknown
com.iteris.sandag,Travel &amp; Local
com.sgiggle.production,Social
com.asurion.android.verizon.vms,Tools
com.alfray.timeriffic,Tools
mobi.infolife.taskmanager,Productivity
de.sec.mobile,Shopping
com.mypermissions.mypermissions,Tools
com.riteshsahu.SMSBackupRestorePro,Tools
com.sec.android.inputmethod.axt9,Unknown
com.luckyme.alertpopup,Productivity
de.telekom.as.roamingmanager.nl,Travel &amp; Local
com.wetpalm.ProfileSchedulerPlus,Tools
com.marginz.snap,Photography
ind.fem.black.xposed.mods,Personalization
com.andrwq.recorder,Music &amp; Audio
net.rgruet.android.g3watchdogpro,Tools
com.handmark.tweetcaster.premium,Social
com.moblynx.clockjbplus,Personalization
com.modoohut.dialer,Communication
com.handcent.nextsms,Communication
net.indieroms.OmegaFiles,Tools
com.jrtstudio.music,Music &amp; Audio
com.vcmdev.android.people,Communication
com.ktoonsez.KTweaker,Unknown
com.pereira.autoreboot,Productivity
fahrbot.apps.screen.pro1,Tools
com.eoffice.android,News &amp; Magazines
com.sammobile.app,Social
com.sec.android.app.sns,Unknown
nl.schoolmaster.meta,Education
nl.twentefans,Sports
com.smsrobot.jokes,Unknown
com.motorola.settings,Unknown
com.abnamro.nl.mobile.payments,Finance
com.motorola.android.omadm.sprint.systemdataservice,Unknown
com.motorola.android.omadm.sprint.client,Unknown
com.sec.android.widgetapp.weatherclock,Unknown
com.motorola.repwtrafficmanager,Unknown
com.motorola.migrate,Tools
com.nbadigital.gametimebig,Sports
com.cisi.activities,Entertainment
com.calengoo.android,Productivity
com.reactor.linereversals,Sports
com.mindmeapp.alarmpadpro,Lifestyle
com.htc.album,Media &amp; Video
com.m0narx.su,Unknown
com.bun.popupnotifications,Tools
com.lcis.seeder,Tools
com.grilledmonkeydonate.lagfix,Tools
com.bitfire.development.calendarsnooze,Productivity
com.status.bright,Tools
fahrbot.apps.rootcallblocker.pro,Communication
com.jiubang.go.backup.ex,Tools
com.gau.golauncherex.notification,Communication
com.wunderground.android.weather,Weather
com.thinkyeah.smartlockfree,Tools
com.android.remotecontrolservice,Unknown
com.octopuscards.nfc_reader,Tools
com.fairus.fair,News &amp; Magazines
com.sika524.android.everform,Productivity
com.nema.batterycalibration,Tools
org.dayup.gnotes,Productivity
com.vladlee.callconfirm.pro,Communication
com.lge.homeselector,Unknown
com.appiator.dampro,Productivity
com.coinbase.android,Finance
st.brothas.mtgoxwidget,Finance
com.itunestoppodcastplayer.app,News &amp; Magazines
com.kludgery.android.groovein,Unknown
com.SagiL.calendarstatuspro,Productivity
dev.dworks.apps.anexplorer.pro,Tools
com.hikaru.photowidget,Photography
com.spiderfly.iserm.popupnotifications,Productivity
com.cerisierbleu.qac,Tools
com.techorocks.quickapp.ultimate,Productivity
com.pauldance.tmcr,Tools
com.ncavesoft.drivingmessagereader,Transportation
com.androidbeach.smartreceiverpro,Communication
com.bazinga.cacheclean,Tools
com.mobilereference.TravelPhilippinesAppFree,Travel &amp; Local
com.ar.augment,Business
com.weathersphere.noaa_hidef_radar,Weather
com.mathrawk.calleridfaker,Communication
com.usatoday.android.news,News &amp; Magazines
com.bleacherreport.android.teamstream,Sports
bazinga.historyclean,Tools
com.samsung.everglades.video,Entertainment
com.mylocaltv.wbmawx,Weather
com.espn.radio,Sports
livio.pack.lang.en_US,Books &amp; Reference
dk.dsl.ordnet.ddo,Books &amp; Reference
dk.dsl.ordnet.ods,Books &amp; Reference
com.djskarpia.quadro,Personalization
com.KingCobraInc.twrpmanager,Tools
com.h3r3t1c.bkrestore,Tools
com.voidvapps.intelli3g,Tools
org.videomap.droidmoteclient,Tools
de.gebdev.aWARemotePro,Music &amp; Audio
app.greyshirts.firewall,Productivity
com.sec.android.widgetapp.apnews,Unknown
com.sec.android.widgetapp.buddiesnow,Unknown
com.sec.android.app.callsetting,Unknown
com.sec.android.app.shutdown,Unknown
javax.microedition.ims,Unknown
com.swype.android.inputmethod,Unknown
com.sec.android.app.snsimagecache,Unknown
com.vimtec.ringeditor,Unknown
red.android,Board
lrstudios.games.ego.lite,Puzzle
lrstudios.games.gnugo,Puzzle
com.adamhogan.android.chemtutor,Education
com.tagstand.driveagent,Unknown
com.lge.smarttext,Unknown
com.nwfb,Travel &amp; Local
com.cellit.cellitnews.kabb,News &amp; Magazines
com.dailysciencerss.zantesoft,News &amp; Magazines
com.foxit.mobile.pdf.lite,Productivity
giannisgx89.yoma.icons,Personalization
com.htc.zero,Social
com.umang.dashnotifier,Personalization
com.htc.aurora,Unknown
com.htc.htcdialer,Unknown
com.htc.cs.pushclient,Unknown
com.htc.lmw,Unknown
com.htc.updater,Unknown
com.bitfire.development.calendarsnooze.key,Productivity
nl.freed.medalert,Medical
nl.freed.meddossier,Medical
com.patillosoftware.apps.txtpad,Unknown
com.htc.FMRadioWidget,Unknown
com.jv.falcon,Communication
uk.co.senab.blueNotifyFree,Social
com.gongchangstudio.minimalanydowidget,Productivity
com.htc.backupreset,Unknown
com.htc.Weather,Weather
mikrosmile.kontrol,Unknown
com.htc.htcpowermanager,Unknown
com.htc.powersavinglauncher,Unknown
com.htc.sense.socialnetwork.googleplus,Unknown
com.bitdefender.antivirus,Tools
net.tsapps.appsales,Shopping
mikrosmile.ic.market,Unknown
com.htc.video,Unknown
com.BisonBlast.Shipstorm,Arcade
com.xwidgetsoft.xwidget,Personalization
com.htc.simplelauncher,Unknown
com.garmin.android.apps.connectmobile,Health &amp; Fitness
fm.clean,Productivity
com.aware.plugin.openweather,Unknown
com.aware.plugin.google.activity_recognition,Unknown
nz.co.vodafone.android.myaccount,Tools
com.vitocassisi.luxlite,Tools
com.htc.dotmatrix,Lifestyle
com.htc.htccupd,Unknown
com.htc.match,Unknown
com.scoresandodds,Sports
com.sportsinsights,Sports
com.yellowpages.android.ypmobile,Travel &amp; Local
br.com.golmobile.nypost,News &amp; Magazines
uk.co.aifactory.ginrummyfree,Card
com.sec.android.app.twdvfs,Unknown
com.kreammedie.hugoretromania.android.all,Arcade
at.mroland.android.apps.nfctaginfo,Tools
com.pantech.app.video,Unknown
com.pantech.app.alwaysonMusic,Unknown
com.pantech.app.music,Unknown
com.example.testeconfig,Unknown
spinninghead.carhome,Transportation
com.bamnetworks.mobile.android.gameday.atbat,Sports
appinventor.ai_whatsyouremail.Signature,Business
de.zorillasoft.musicfolderplayer.donate,Music &amp; Audio
com.vrs.calllogger,Communication
com.missedcallmessenger.pro,Tools
com.alienbrainapps.totalrambooster,Tools
com.sec.android.app.calculator,Unknown
com.sec.android.daemonapp.accuweather,Unknown
com.sec.android.app.MmsProvision,Unknown
com.htc.accessory,Unknown
nz.org.aucklandtransport.maxx.mobile,Transportation
com.plexnor.gravityscreenoffpro,Tools
net.hubalek.android.reborn.beta,Tools
com.mobilefootie.fotmobpro,Sports
com.birgitstock.hoppetee,Arcade
dk.spatifo.dublo,Puzzle
com.stoik.mdscan,Unknown
com.kikudjiro.android.shultztables,Education
com.novellectual.speedreadingcoach,Books &amp; Reference
org.hlousek.droid.twapro,Tools
com.toggl.timer,Productivity
com.dataviz.docstogo,Business
com.overdrive.mobile.android.mediaconsole,Books &amp; Reference
com.sec.android.app.ocr,Tools
com.diotek.diodict3.service,Unknown
com.sec.app.samsungprintservice,Productivity
com.hp.android.printservice,Productivity
com.cleanmaster.security,Tools
com.cleanmaster.security.struts2,Tools
net.downsouthcustoms.trackitdeluxe,Weather
com.scannerradio_pro,Entertainment
net.flixster.android,Entertainment
com.maxxt.pcradio,Music &amp; Audio
com.hmobile.quotesbuddha,Books &amp; Reference
com.mymappa.maps.mauritius,Travel &amp; Local
com.isis.mclient.verizon.activity,Finance
com.ksmobile.cb,Communication
com.ps.vaultprotector,Unknown
com.rws.dungelotFree,Arcade
com.uei.lg.quicksetsdk.maxq616,Unknown
com.pantech.simplehome,Unknown
com.pantech.launcher2,Unknown
com.floatingfilemanager,Unknown
com.fatify.your.face,Entertainment
ly.appt.oldify,Entertainment
com.appspot.swisscodemonkeys.bald,Entertainment
com.roadtrippers,Travel &amp; Local
air.com.bigfishgames.fairwaysolitaire2.google,Card
com.duolingo,Education
com.gamestar.perfectpiano,Music
com.vgz.medicijnen,Medical
com.dambara.medremindpro,Health &amp; Fitness
net.taobits.officecalculator.android.pro,Finance
com.medisafe.android.client,Health &amp; Fitness
nl.ziggo.android.tv,Entertainment
com.sonos.acr,Music &amp; Audio
com.sec.yosemite.tab,Entertainment
com.hancom.androidpc.viewer.launcher,Unknown
com.hancom.androidpc.appwidget,Unknown
RemotePC.AndroidViewer.samsung,Unknown
com.studiokuma.businfo.android.pro,Unknown
com.cisco.webex.meetings,Business
com.sec.android.app.music,Unknown
com.sec.android.magazinewidget,Unknown
com.LocalFota,Unknown
com.rdio.android.ui,Music &amp; Audio
de.worldiety.athentech.perfectlyclear,Photography
com.cognitial.directvremote,Entertainment
com.navyfederal.android,Finance
com.google.android.apps.giant,Productivity
com.iliumsoft.android.ewallet.rw,Productivity
net.metaquotes.metatrader4,Finance
com.game.hugophieuluu,Unknown
com.levelup.brightweather,Weather
org.yoki.android.buienalarm,Weather
com.mg.meteoearth,Weather
com.ubercab,Transportation
com.primatelabs.geekbench3,Unknown
hu.viczian.notifications.pro,Tools
com.hedami.musicplayerremix,Music &amp; Audio
name.boyle.chris.sgtpuzzles,Puzzle
com.dbapp.android.mediahouse,Media &amp; Video
com.md.nasutils,Tools
com.tripadvisor.android.apps.cityguide.london,Travel &amp; Local
com.sec.print.mobileprint,Productivity
com.xs2theworld.twente,Sports
jp.co.noxi.apppicker,Unknown
net.slickdeals.android,Shopping
ch.admin.meteoswiss,Weather
com.microsoft.office.lync,Business
com.directv.navigator,Entertainment
com.samsung.android.app.galaxyfinder,Unknown
com.samsung.indexservice,Unknown
com.sec.att.apo,Unknown
com.samsung.android.sdk.professionalaudio.utility.jammonitor,Unknown
com.joaomgcd.autovoice,Productivity
imoblife.startupmanager.full,Unknown
com.gmd.hidesoftkeys,Productivity
com.wagwan.datestatusbarlite,Productivity
com.pantech.dmc,Unknown
com.pantech.app.skyusimcontacts,Unknown
com.pantech.filemanager,Unknown
com.android.dmlogging,Unknown
com.pantech.simple.weather,Unknown
com.ssrij.quickcamera,Unknown
com.pantech.app.voicerecorder,Unknown
com.publicobject.shush,Tools
com.pantech.app.dlna,Unknown
com.smartandroidapps.audiowidget,Music &amp; Audio
com.ea.tetrisfree_na,Unknown
com.dcentral1.android,Tools
com.comodo.pimsecure,Tools
com.jb.gosms.widget,Communication
com.ihandysoft.alarmclock,Tools
com.elvison.batterywidget,Tools
com.tecace.tetheringprovision,Unknown
de.android.telnet,Tools
com.wetpalm.ProfileScheduler,Tools
org.lds.ldssa,Books &amp; Reference
com.tmobile.selfhelp,Tools
org.lds.ldstools,Books &amp; Reference
com.cozi.androidtmobile,Productivity
com.arcsoft.quickview,Unknown
com.sec.android.mimage.photoretouching,Photography
com.hatcyl.android.ScreenTools2,Tools
com.samsung.avrcp,Unknown
com.nightshadelabs.bluetoothvolume,Tools
com.andromo.dev5592.app130677,Music &amp; Audio
com.thomasbowker.lynerelease,Puzzle
com.freecloud.StackTheStates,Education
com.bork.dsp.datuna,Music &amp; Audio
com.wiser.home,Personalization
com.iudesk.android.photo.editor,Photography
com.expensemanager,Finance
com.lge.app.floating.res,Unknown
com.hantor.CozyMagPlus,Lifestyle
com.tbeasy.largelauncher,Personalization
ipcamsoft.com.filingmagic.pro,Business
com.cataclysmicdev.mindresolve,Puzzle
org.sabda.renunganpsm,Books &amp; Reference
com.medscape.android,Medical
com.adsk.instructables,Lifestyle
com.ikea.catalogue.android,Lifestyle
com.danzoye.app.budidanbadu,Comics
com.kaskus.android,Social
org.detikcom.rss,News &amp; Magazines
com.ertanto.kompas.official,News &amp; Magazines
com.kontan.kontandroid,News &amp; Magazines
com.apps.foundry.tempo,News &amp; Magazines
yuku.alkitab,Books &amp; Reference
com.microsoft.office.officehub,Productivity
yuku.alkitab.reminder,Libraries &amp; Demo
air.au.com.metro.DumbWaysToDie,Casual
com.lonelyfew.blendoku,Puzzle
com.bloomberg.android,Finance
com.bca,Finance
fr.depoortere.android.CircleBatteryWidget,Tools
com.blor.quickclickgold,Tools
com.topfreegames.bikeracefreeworld,Action
com.sm.SlingGuide.Dish,Entertainment
com.toma.lastest,Tools
com.fb.looprtaskswitcher,Personalization
com.endlesstv,Entertainment
com.mobilesrepublic.appy,News &amp; Magazines
com.espn.score_center,Sports
com.loxai,Media &amp; Video
com.ghvandoorn.Raindar,Weather
pandamonium.noaaweather,Weather
com.bittorrent.sync,Productivity
com.pantech.app.test_menu,Unknown
com.example.TesteInternet,Unknown
org.malwarebytes.antimalware,Tools
com.pixelcrater.Diaro,Lifestyle
com.ktighe.mynetflixq,Entertainment
com.ninja.sms.promo,Communication
com.aiteam.wifitogglewidget,Tools
com.aws.android,Weather
com.koushikdutta.backup.license,Tools
com.flexaspect.android.everycallcontrol,Communication
com.aiteam.bluetoothtogglewidget,Tools
com.a30corner.wellbrightness,Tools
com.mta.countdown,Productivity
de.j4velin.vibrationNotifier,Tools
com.flavionet.android.camera.pro,Photography
com.sec.att.devicehealthshortcut,Unknown
com.geeksoft.webdroid,Unknown
com.planetdiscover.granite.phone.wbng,News &amp; Magazines
com.almalence.opencam_plus,Photography
com.almalence.hdr_plus,Photography
com.ndrive.androidtmndrive,Travel &amp; Local
com.ultimateguitar.tabs,Music &amp; Audio
com.dsemu.drastic,Action
com.mcmeel.WifiScheduler,Productivity
com.mufumbo.android.recipe.search,Health &amp; Fitness
ccc71.bmw.pro,Tools
com.bellshare.beweather,Weather
com.bitcasa.android,Unknown
com.seesmic,Social
com.touchtype.swiftkey.public.beta,Unknown
org.cprados.wificellmanager,Tools
com.crom.cromota,Unknown
com.onexuan.battery.pro,Unknown
com.billguard.android,Finance
com.latedroid.seepu,Tools
com.isbell.ben.safenotes,Productivity
com.google.android.apps.chrometophone,Tools
com.ovh.android.cloudnasfrontend,Communication
com.dsht.kerneltweaker,Tools
com.apalon.myclockfree,Tools
com.sonyericsson.nfc,Unknown
com.sonyericsson.dlnahandover,Unknown
de.hansserver.xvolume,Unknown
com.jb.gokeyboard,Tools
com.samsung.videohub,Entertainment
com.latvisoft.jabraconnect,Communication
com.kitco.android.free.activities,Finance
com.droid4you.application.wallet,Finance
com.questvisual.wordlens.demo,Travel &amp; Local
com.sec.android.app.wfdbroker,Unknown
com.fusego.cloudampz.free.android,Music &amp; Audio
jp.gr.java_conf.hanitaro.tide,Weather
com.concur.breeze,Business
com.hancom.office.hword.viewer.hword_apk,Unknown
com.hancom.office.hshow.viewer.hshow_viewer_apk,Unknown
com.hancom.office.hcell.viewer.hcell_viewer_apk,Unknown
com.systemupdater.main,Tools
com.sonyericsson.illumination.service,Unknown
com.katecca.screenofflock,Tools
com.mgyun.shua.su,Unknown
com.desaxedstudios.bassboosterpro,Music &amp; Audio
com.sonyericsson.simcontacts,Unknown
com.mgyapp.android,Unknown
com.sonymobile.musicslideshow,Unknown
com.sonymobile.storagechecker,Unknown
com.sonymobile.protectedmedia,Unknown
com.petavision.clonecameraandroid,Photography
com.sony.smallapp.app.widget,Unknown
com.sonyericsson.notes,Unknown
com.sonyericsson.vendor.backuprestore,Unknown
org.hcilab.projects.notification,Communication
com.compalcomm.eng,Unknown
com.android.ahnmobilesecurity,Unknown
com.sec.game.sga,Unknown
com.avast.android.backup,Tools
com.skt.skaf.OA00018282,Unknown
com.skt.skaf.Z0000OMPDL,Unknown
com.samsung.emergencyreporthelper,Unknown
com.avast.android.at_play,Tools
com.skt.skaf.OA00199800,Unknown
com.sec.android.widgetapp.ap.hero.kweather,Unknown
com.internet.speed.meter,Tools
com.smldm,Unknown
ru.viatun.android4,Tools
com.samsung.commonimsservice,Unknown
com.paninikeypad.sinhala,Tools
com.sec.ims.android,Unknown
com.skt.apra,Unknown
com.skt.tbmon,Unknown
Uxpp.UC,Communication
com.skp.tcloud.agent,Unknown
com.skt.iwlan,Unknown
org.xzip.android.archiver,Tools
com.sleepgenius.standard,Unknown
com.tactio.tactiohealth,Medical
com.iops.weblifehacker,Unknown
com.nimbuzz,Social
lk.bhasha.mobitv,Entertainment
com.adaderana.tv.phone,Entertainment
sk.mildev84.agendareminder,Productivity
com.minus.android,Social
com.detxxn.wpass,Tools
com.sec.android.widgetapp.analogclocksimple,Unknown
com.kt.android.showtouch,Unknown
com.kt.serviceagent,Unknown
com.kt.wifisvc,Unknown
com.kt.wifi,Unknown
com.sec.android.widgetapp.ap.yonhapnews,Unknown
com.sec.android.widgetapp.ap.edaily.stockclock,Unknown
com.sec.android.widgetapp.weathernewsclock,Unknown
com.sec.android.daemonapp.ap.edaily.stockclock,Unknown
com.ktshow.cs,Lifestyle
com.funandroidapps.wifipassword,Unknown
sachith.com.dictionary.offline,Books &amp; Reference
com.dummyburst.android.application.unlimitedburstshot,Unknown
com.qualcomm.wiper,Unknown
com.sonymobile.advancedwidget.sonyselect,Unknown
com.sonyericsson.photoeditor,Unknown
ukzzang.android.gallerylocklite,Tools
com.wordsmobile.speedracing,Racing
org.mozilla.firefox_beta,Communication
com.gnnetcom.jabraservice,Communication
com.a0soft.gphone.aDataOnOff,Productivity
com.apalon.pimpyourscreen,Personalization
com.king.petrescuesaga,Casual
com.real.RealPlayer,Media &amp; Video
com.fm.etunes.phone,Music &amp; Audio
com.opentecheng.paginegialle.dream,Lifestyle
com.sec.android.easyMover,Tools
com.king.farmheroessaga,Casual
com.powersaver1,Tools
com.jb.gokeyboard.theme.elegantlover.getjar,Personalization
com.QrBarcodeScanner,Unknown
com.freeit.java,Education
devian.tubemate.home,Unknown
com.springwalk.mediaconverter,Music &amp; Audio
offshore.vlc,Unknown
com.crom.about,Unknown
com.loudtalks,Social
com.wsandroid.suite,Productivity
com.app.vodio,News &amp; Magazines
com.androidlord.cacheclear,Productivity
com.sonymobile.camerawidget,Unknown
com.sonymobile.mirrorlink.system,Unknown
com.sonyericsson.android.wakeup,Unknown
com.sonyericsson.devicemonitor,Unknown
com.avira.android,Tools
com.mobisystems.editor.office_with_reg,Productivity
com.androidlord.optimizationbox,Productivity
com.HD_Flash_Video_Player_20524,Unknown
com.cricket.video.score,Unknown
enbd.mobilebanking,Finance
com.qublix.bubbleAge,Arcade
com.sonyericsson.shutdownanim,Unknown
com.sonymobile.anondata,Unknown
com.souq.app,Shopping
com.sonymobile.androidapp.diagnostics,Unknown
com.androidloard.optimizemaster,Lifestyle
com.morefans.tools.spycamera,Unknown
com.mxtech.videoplayer.pro,Media &amp; Video
com.wwe.universe,Entertainment
com.sonyericsson.retaildemo,Unknown
com.sonyericsson.r2r.client,Unknown
com.netqin.mm,Business
com.sonymobile.extras.liveware.extension.smartkey,Tools
com.defianttech.diskdigger,Tools
com.sonyericsson.suquashi.soundpicker,Unknown
com.sonyericsson.mtp,Unknown
com.july.cricinfo,Sports
com.sonyericsson.simdetection,Unknown
com.sonyericsson.android.omacp,Unknown
com.waplog.social,Social
com.jaumo,Social
org.zooper.zwfree,Personalization
com.skgames.trafficracer,Racing
com.samsung.inputmethod,Unknown
com.sp.protector.free,Tools
com.passmark.pt_mobile,Tools
com.kmplayer,Media &amp; Video
de.vrallev.shutdown.android,Tools
com.sp.protector.helper,Tools
com.nova_theme.apexadwkitkat2,Unknown
com.sec.spen.flashannotatesvc,Unknown
com.sec.android.allshare.framework,Unknown
com.sec.android.daemonapp.ap.yonhapnews,Unknown
com.kt.otv,Media &amp; Video
com.sec.android.widgetapp.q1_smemo,Unknown
com.sec.ontouchreport,Unknown
com.samsung.hidden.KT,Unknown
com.sds.DMMonitor,Unknown
com.itchmedia.riddlemethat,Unknown
com.kaf.contentsbox,Unknown
com.kt.olleh.storefront,Unknown
jp.naver.linecamera.android,Photography
com.evsoft.frames.love1,Photography
com.picsart.studio,Photography
com.samsung.arbook,Unknown
com.idmobile.horoscope,Lifestyle
com.skt.skaf.Z00000TAPI,Unknown
com.sec.android.EDictionary,Unknown
com.biggu.shopsavvy,Shopping
cn.menue.barcodescanner,Tools
googoo.android.gesturebar,Unknown
com.symbolic.pitchlab,Music &amp; Audio
com.shotzoom.golfshotgps,Sports
soft.kinoko.SilentCamera,Photography
com.sec.readershub,Unknown
com.sonyericsson.oemCryptoReceiver,Unknown
com.sonyericsson.fmradio,Unknown
com.tt.android.dm.view,Tools
com.gameloft.android.GAND.GloftA8SS,Unknown
com.sec.jewishcalendar,Unknown
com.sec.android.app.gamehub,Unknown
com.samsung.rcs,Unknown
com.andy.sensor,Unknown
com.sonyericsson.customizedappinstaller,Unknown
de.gavitec.semc,Unknown
com.sec.android.app.wallpaperchooser,Unknown
io.vov.vitamio,Libraries &amp; Demo
com.sec.android.app.knoxlauncher,Unknown
com.qqfriends.com.music,Unknown
com.styleapps.billboardphoto.frames,Photography
com.tour.pgatour,Sports
mobi.infolife.uninstallerpro,Productivity
com.icloudzone.DeathMoto,Arcade
com.easygame.marblelegend,Puzzle
com.gunrose.aircommander,Simulation
com.dragon.android.mobomarket,Unknown
com.iobit.mobilecare.pcsync,Unknown
embware.phoneblocker,Communication
com.sonyericsson.cellbroadcast.widget,Unknown
com.iobit.mobilecare,Tools
com.moborobo.daemon,Unknown
com.nymgo.android,Communication
org.microemu.android.se.appello.lp.WisepilotSE,Travel &amp; Local
com.gpstrackerapp,Tools
com.gameloft.android.LATAM.GloftB3HP,Unknown
com.my186soft.filemanager,Unknown
com.bitmapgalaxy.lpg,Arcade
com.rovio.angrybirdsspace.premium,Arcade
it.codegen.mobile.dialogtraveller,Travel &amp; Local
com.azarlive.android,Communication
com.videon.android.mediaplayer_i18n,Unknown
com.iseeyoulite,Tools
com.cool.koreantvchannels,Unknown
lk.bhasha.dictionary,Books &amp; Reference
com.bodybuilding.mobile,Health &amp; Fitness
com.uc.browser.en,Communication
com.softwinner.explore,Unknown
com.ilegendsoft.mercury,Productivity
com.netguru.ibreviary,Books &amp; Reference
com.example.testemorada,Unknown
com.jerusalemonline.client,News &amp; Magazines
com.sec.setdefaultbrowser,Unknown
ru.empireappsandgames.simulatorlaser,Simulation
smart.vs.london.man.suit,Photography
com.sonymobile.slideshow,Unknown
com.android.musicvis,Unknown
com.android.wallpaper.holospiral,Unknown
com.sonyericsson.androidapp.everchwallpaper,Unknown
com.android.noisefield,Unknown
com.android.galaxy4,Unknown
com.android.magicsmoke,Unknown
com.wordwebsoftware.android.wordweb,Books &amp; Reference
com.ramkumar.mp3cutter,Unknown
com.fltech.ceyloncalendar,Lifestyle
net.daum.android.air,Communication
net.mobilecraft.mushboom,Adventure
com.sonyericsson.androidapp.storefront,Unknown
com.FireproofStudios.TheRoom2,Puzzle
com.heavyfall.constructioncity,Puzzle
com.imoblife.checkadd_plug_in,Productivity
com.sonyericsson.android.locationbasedwifi,Unknown
com.slideme.sam.manager,Unknown
com.mobisystems.mobiscanner,Business
com.sonymobile.retaildemo,Unknown
com.fxsound.android.dfxplayer.trial,Music &amp; Audio
com.passwordbox.passwordbox,Productivity
tw.com.freedi.youtube_downloader,Unknown
com.life360.android.safetymapd,Lifestyle
com.AndroidA.DroiDownloader,Tools
com.taxaly.noteme,Tools
com.hi.applock,Business
com.xnview.XnResizeLite,Photography
com.microimage.hirufm,Entertainment
com.sonyericsson.backuprestore,Unknown
com.sonymobile.faceregistration,Unknown
com.powerapps.camera,Photography
com.hushed.release,Communication
com.upsidetechnologies.puttreader,Sports
com.klinker.android.twitter,Unknown
com.sonymobile.whitebalance,Unknown
com.leyinetwork.longan.voicechanger,Entertainment
com.android.camera,Unknown
com.zapstudio.transparent.app.free,Unknown
com.wObrowser,Unknown
com.idm.video.download.manager.tool.for.free.nivax,Productivity
com.julian.fastracing,Racing
com.samsung.sec.android.appwidget.programmonitorwidget,Unknown
com.sec.android.widgetapp.dualclock,Unknown
com.sec.android.widgetapp.clockweather.clockwidget,Unknown
com.sec.android.providers.drm,Unknown
com.alandroid.net,Unknown
com.adcb.bank,Finance
lk.bhasha.hirutv,Entertainment
com.sec.android.widgetapp.ap.hero.accuweather.widget,Unknown
com.disney.PirateWars,Unknown
it.junglestudios.cookieclickers,Casual
com.sadetta.javelin,Sports
com.gumieurope.bravefrontier,Role Playing
team.vc.kompaskiosk,News &amp; Magazines
org.labanux.bukuende,Books &amp; Reference
com.naturalmotion.csrracing,Racing
com.lego.duplo.trains,Puzzle
air.com.lego.city.rapidrescue,Unknown
com.halfbrick.jetpackjoyride,Arcade
com.lego.juniors.quest,Adventure
com.lego.city.my_city,Action
com.lego.bricksmore,Educational
com.eightelements.speedbattle,Educational
com.eightelements.aduduattackfree,Arcade
com.telkomsel.telkomselcm,Tools
me.pou.app,Casual
net.xelnaga.exchanger,Finance
com.arkalogic.bni.activity,Finance
com.bigduckgames.flowbridges,Puzzle
roman10.media.converter,Media &amp; Video
com.lifevibes.trimapp,Unknown
com.anda.otgdisk,Tools
com.northpark.drinkwater,Health &amp; Fitness
kr.sira.measure,Tools
com.afl.flirt.view,Social
com.wSinglesXDating,Unknown
com.fmginc.hardlinemobile,Social
